Manager of the Esenler branch is Derem Acar.
Derman Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Katre Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Gizmen Tuncer.
Iyiturk Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jiyan Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iyiturk Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kevser Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Medar Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hilal Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Torbali branch is Delistan Ozdemir.
Delal Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belgi Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baha Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ihsan Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kamer Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceydanur Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hakim Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Idris Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hafsa Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Basri Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iyiturk Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faysal Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatoş Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kadime Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bala Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abad Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Enhar Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bozkaya Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faize Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Donat Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadil Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bediz Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Ayvaz Akpinar.
Balkin Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fırtına Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İlke Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derince Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deha Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karin Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Karmen Kilic.
Ifakat Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kevser Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feyzullah Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cenah Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilfeza Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Makbule Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Yedisu branch is Davud Ay.
Dalya Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatma Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Cannur Ozdemir.
Ecehan Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balkoç Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayaz Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jefi Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Daime Ozdemir.
Canalp Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Darin Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canaş Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cavide Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berkan Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferzin Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canipek Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cavide Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hincal Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faris Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Evgin Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hüdaverdi Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fecri Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İkbal Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mamure Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cemresu Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdullah Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fermande Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch are: 180
Edra Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalbaş Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berkay Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Delistan Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 527
Berkan Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecir Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lara Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Candan Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acunalp Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gewez Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hurol Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Inanna Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gihev Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gewez Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Filinta Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lebriz Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hale Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalsar Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Asli Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Gizmen Tuncer.
Abakan/Abakay Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dirok Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kaniye Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Mahru Kilicarslan.
Ferahfeza Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abadın Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edebali Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gaffar Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hayriye Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamaset Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Genc branch is Ece Guler.
Hanbey Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aba Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baha Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Daime Ozdemir.
Elmira Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Ebed Kucuk.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Ilaydin Erturk.
Cilvekar Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fariha Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Duman Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Havva Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abbas Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farika Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Melike Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derin Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abgun Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fuzuli Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferah Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fazıl Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Evin Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayvaz Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ikan Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hulusi Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iraz Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gelenay Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdurrahman Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kısmet Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Makber Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kezban Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fikret Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abuşka Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baharnaz Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Harika Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eren Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Dilbirin Aydin.
Manager of the Yazihan branch is Hamza Karahan.
Gazire Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demirezen Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dayahatun Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karsu Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gezgin Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leyal Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Genc branch is Ece Guler.
Medar Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cavlan Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edhem Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erkinay Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hakgüzar Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Ecevit Ozturk.
Hacı Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Cesme branch is Dehan Acar.
Eser Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Fadime Aydogan.
Macide Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Halas Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balin Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bakanay Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilkcan Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derince Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Basri Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canperver Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatih Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Medar Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fırat Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hediye Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Azad Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aysel Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lemide Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kayra Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jefi Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hizir Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baran Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bagatur Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aytunç Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dileda Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceydasu Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanedan Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hincal Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Furkan Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bala Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecegül Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Girgin Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deli Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gelincik Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazale Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Torbali branch this month are: 1704
Hayat Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamit Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Falaz Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dileda Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abendam Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayfer Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dirok Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferruh Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokalp Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Itri Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gedik Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Katmer Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canece Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Pursaklar branch are: 1700
Başar Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Filizer Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatih Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalsar Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hacı Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feridun Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Ayvaz Akpinar.
Acarbey Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demiralp Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hayriye Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faraziye Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadra Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Felek Erkan.
Furkan Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgaz Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdoğan Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalan Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Destan Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahtiser Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecehan Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Girin Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadile Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Efdal Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Melike Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Asuman Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sehitkamil branch is Farika Oz.
Mediha Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Laylank Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fıda Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekin Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgaz Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lalin Demir is leaving from branch: Konak.
Gokalp Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fahrettin Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hidayet Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdenay Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gizer Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Barut Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lerzan Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edra Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Delice Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Makbule Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haldun Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Larissa Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Beypazari branch is Isinkan Senol.
Ilkcan Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lal Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kevser Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdulkadir Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farika Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faik Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbey Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leyli Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cankat Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gerçek Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Açelya Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamis Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Evin Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Katun Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgaz Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fahrettin Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belemir Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gamze Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aytekin Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sariyer branch is Fadile Demirci.
Abbase Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leyli Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Erinç Akpinar.
Bakiye Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fırtına Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadice Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faysal Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hiram Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hediye Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Layza Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahtiyar Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fezai Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Girgin Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demir Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Egealp Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gaye Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylim Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ermiye Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadra Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canela Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gediz Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadim Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Evgin Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gece Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Araban branch this month are: 1431
Jale Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecir Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Celile Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Damla Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demirezen Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Damla Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Ezgi Yilmazer.
Manager of the Darende branch is Merzuka Ucar.
Balca Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilcan Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fırtına Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mefharet Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahtiyar Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Banu Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gencaslan Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belemir Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leyli Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahmude Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Daime Ozdemir.
Destecan Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fakirullah Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayla Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Golbasi branch is Gokberk Karahan.
Hattat Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gevher Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kamelya Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gezer Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lİna Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İdil Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Merze Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Darcan Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Danyal Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fermani Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Furkan Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Melodi Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadik Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mefharet Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lerze Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demirezen Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Evren branch is Ihya Cetin.
Hanbeğendi Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gorani Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Havin Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aborkar Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Janseli Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazi Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gewez Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahiye Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gencal Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abbas Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Merzuka Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feyza Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erksin Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dirok Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eğilmez Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bala Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fezai Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecmel Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdülalim Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecrin Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferda Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Debernuş Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecebay Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Levzi Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahsure Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazel Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edahses Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Funda Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Kevser Genc.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Dilbirin Aydin.
Girin Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İdil Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hurkan Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dileda Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Husam Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanedan Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fulya Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jinmir Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bartu Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Cinar branch is Danyal Korkmaz.
Total bonuses for the Kuluncak branch this month are: 1700
Iknat Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Banu Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jengar Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edebali Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ifakat Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Evgin Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Meriç Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Dilkeste Duran.
Caneda Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Canaş Erkan.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Kevser Genc.
Ecehan Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elvan Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jale Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatih Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lavin Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Furkan Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karin Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cazibe Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feza Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dildar Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Macide Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Behin Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalya Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kamuran Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahmude Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kardelen Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jergar Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lİla Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Handan Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Filinta Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haldun Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Melike Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Germa Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Erinç Akpinar.
Benay Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Husam Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erinç Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilhami Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamra Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch are: 1998
Belgi Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Ecevit Ozturk.
Farise Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Levin Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canay Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faize Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jalenur Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahamra Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aygül Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kaymak Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Darende branch this month are: 3348
Ekin Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Ilaydin Erturk.
Dilfiruz Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fecri Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferah Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belemir Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecir Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kainat Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Araban branch is Canel Aydemir.
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Hilal Alp.
Danyal Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aygül Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Behçet Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Madelet Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lamiha Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Loya Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Derinkuyu branch this month are: 1450
Abbas Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acarbey Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demiralp Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahire Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Itri Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Heper Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayberk Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Latife Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irsat Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canperver Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Orhaneli branch is Fadime Aydin.
Bahtiser Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayla Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hafız Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hacil Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gogen Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elacık Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Delice Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hafize Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İlke Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ibrahim Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Firdevsi Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayberk Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Debernuş Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Destan Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatma Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fitnat Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Candan Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bakiye Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bediz Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahiye Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebecen Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gihev Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gencay Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ikan Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferah Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ira Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Meserret Durmaz.
Balkiz Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eylem Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hades Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dayehatun Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdenay Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hulki Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebecen Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karanfil Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahtiyar Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feyzullah Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Leylifer Aslan.
Bala Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Husamettin Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Loya Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamza Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kahya Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erna Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamiyet Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leyla Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ejder Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canfeda Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fenni Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jale Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cilvekar Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Emetullah Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahir Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Benan Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Derinkuyu branch is Felek Koc.
Hacı Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazele Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kardelen Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Kuluncak branch is Felin Dede.
Ecesoy Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İlkben Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Felek Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebrar Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferzin Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Daristan Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdülalim Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karina Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erksin Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Katre Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lamiha Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ildem Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalya Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Evrensel Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farika Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edahses Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ildiz Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abadın Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Filiz Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Barbaros Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Habil Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Erinç Akpinar.
Melike Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kevser Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hafız Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cazibe Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karaca Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferda Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farika Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jilda Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatine Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ikan Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Damla Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lavin Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Halas Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Genc branch is Ece Guler.
Karin Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Konak branch is Gizmen Aksu.
Ihya Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Felit Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 3533
Fecri Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karaca Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayla Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamis Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Evgin Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eceseren Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gerçek Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fezai Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Durukan Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Felin Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalsar Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferhunde Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feyzullah Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 2674
Benan Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hasret Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cansel Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hilmi Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Layza Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ganime Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahizar Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Maide Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jehat Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abat Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erna Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Felat Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iras Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hazal Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kadriye Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cihanay Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Havin Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 3100
Fatmanur Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Banu Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Destan Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ikan Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sereflikochisar branch is Hincal Toprak.
Karakız Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Acigol branch is Fatma Ceylan.
Haluk Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Yesilyurt branch is Loya Cebeci.
Iknat Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayla Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Asli Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İffet Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Daime Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kayla Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Esennur Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Caneda Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadra Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Buyukorhan branch is Benan Toprak.
Figen Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Evgin Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fırtına Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Mahzure Kilicaslan.
Canfeda Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Füreyya Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Arzu Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sile branch is Aykut Ozen.
Ekenel Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebyar Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aygen Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilhami Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Layike Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deran Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Levin Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sehitkamil branch are: 4111
Lavanta Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilbirin Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamza Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iraz Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aytekin Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sehitkamil branch this month are: 4111
Keriman Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazele Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lerzan Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feray Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Adalan Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebyar Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilkeste Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fenniye Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gani Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahizar Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bengi Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eyşan Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahise Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acem Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karakız Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Mahzure Kilicaslan.
Kainat Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gilyas Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ildem Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cankat Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Igdemir Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abat Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eğilmez Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Asli Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Meserret Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jarin Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faraziye Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cansel Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fırat Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdulhamit Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dahiye Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekin Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ibrahim Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elacık Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canan Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanif Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Basri Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgi Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilham Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdullah Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abaza Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Leylifer Aslan.
İclal Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferhat Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fevzi Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fırat Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mecide Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Germa Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Akyurt branch this month are: 3212
Melodi Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irtek Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haldun Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erksin Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hursit Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdulkadir Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aydin Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Layza Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 3131
Lİna Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Cesme branch is Dehan Acar.
Izgutay Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferda Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanife Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jerfi Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karakız Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Figen Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fikret Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bengi Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cavlan Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahrume Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erhan Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch this month are: 3285
Hursit Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Cigli branch this month are: 3762
Aydin Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Merze Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahfer Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isa Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erhan Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Lice branch is Karya Aydemir.
Cemalnur Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Beliz Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mefharet Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demirezen Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Medar Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haki Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dildar Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dirim Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jarin Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hüdaverdi Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Atilgan Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Yesilyurt branch is Loya Cebeci.
Manager of the Sereflikochisar branch is Hincal Toprak.
Cavide Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belgi Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gizer Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kulp branch this month are: 5310
Ecrin Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbey Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gogen Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hulki Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ediz Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mediha Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Huriye Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahibe Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Mahzure Kilicaslan.
Dalayer Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canfeda Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aybars Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Osmangazi branch is Kader Sari.
Cilvekar Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 3699
Demirezen Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canalp Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Beypazari branch is Isinkan Senol.
Dahiye Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Janbek Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ajda Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Firdevsi Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadik Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebyar Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acunalp Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fekahet Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hüdaverdi Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Cannur Ozdemir.
Fecir Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abaza Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatma Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edgü Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feridun Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Daim Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gilyas Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanbey Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdullah Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hincal Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aylin Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eser Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdal Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baran Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sariyer branch is Fadile Demirci.
Lavin Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilay Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lamia Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gayret Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Firdevsi Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karina Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balkin Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lebriz Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farik Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamza Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahir Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abadan Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edebali Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gencal Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Beha Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayhan Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lamia Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farah Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cazibe Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Kulp branch is Derin Seker.
Lİna Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Felit Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abaza Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lİla Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Firuze Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haveri Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karadut Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faruk Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Laylank Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dirlik Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erkinay Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lebibe Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İclal Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jefi Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bengi Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lemide Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aygen Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hurol Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gamze Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecehan Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ertunga Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eyşan Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Davud Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hilal Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecenaz Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abaza Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Behin Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ikan Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kaila/Kayla Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Evren branch is Ihya Cetin.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Kevser Genc.
Faden Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadile Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Destan Aslan.
Fahrettin Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahtiyar Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İkbal Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hayal Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Fırat Demirci.
Hursit Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abgun Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamza Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Evin Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Girgin Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokalp Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Ilaydin Erturk.
Leylüfer Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Germa Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayaz Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leyli Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbas Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Kafiye Mengi.
Erkinay Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balin Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aylin Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hurkan Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edgü Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hacer Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Husamettin Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Etfal Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aylin Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Acigol branch this month are: 5490
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 5314
Fikret Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Egezade Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acarbike Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ece Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erhan Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Birol Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Darin Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahsure Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokay Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatoş Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karanfil Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahtiser Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abbad Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Katun Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahur Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gencaslan Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kardelen Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ihya Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Halim Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanif Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Furkan Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fena Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekber Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Harika Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalayer Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gencay Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Fadime Aydogan.
Dalan Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lebriz Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Kestel branch is Fevzi Saglam.
Manager of the Yesilyurt branch is Loya Cebeci.
Garabed Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamide Aksoy is leaving from branch: Karabaglar.
Inanna Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Huseyin Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hatunana Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahibe Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdibike Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Osmangazi branch this month are: 3957
Furkan Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dirim Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hizir Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Doğannur Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahrume Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aysun Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdem Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deryab Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Meral Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kezban Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hilkat Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Filiz Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gavsi Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Keles branch is Birol Sahiner.
Dünya Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balkin Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bilal Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elacık Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahru Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İclal Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 3981
Abendam Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Can Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Füreyya Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acarbey Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Cigli branch this month are: 5210
Ilgat Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Himmet Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Levin Koc is leaving from branch: Odemis.
Ceren Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilkeste Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ira Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eyşan Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lİla Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abak Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Izgutay Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karya Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Lice branch is Karya Aydemir.
Ganimet Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ezgi Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aydonat Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Falaz Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ezgi Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokay Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farise Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamit Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hurol Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferhan Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lalin Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deha Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Duru Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebrak Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kayansel Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Inanna Yigit.
İlke Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aborkar Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karmen Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canhanım Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cezire Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Battalgazi branch this month are: 4417
Manager of the Acigol branch is Fatma Ceylan.
Basri Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Duran Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Enhar Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elvan Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abak Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalsar Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canfeza Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Efdal Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Füreyya Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eser Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aydemir Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eren Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kevser Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kevser Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cemresu Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Meriç Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazire Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bengi Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilay Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eğilmez Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cezire Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ece Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilaver Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Keban branch this month are: 4608
Kavin Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karadut Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jalenur Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bakanay Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faden Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamit Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faris Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canfeza Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fazilet Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Karmen Kilic.
Huri Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bakanay Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Duran Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karina Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mayra Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fırtına Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Larasu Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kamuran Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lerze Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dijdar Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Barut Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edayi Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abad Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Huseyin Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kahya Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fikret Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gorani Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahizar Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ejder Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayaz Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dirim Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 0
Cezire Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecir Gunes is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
Igdemir Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farik Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilkeste Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecem Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kardelen Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dorukhan Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahur Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Azmi Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mensure Er is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
Berk Elmas is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Dilay Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leman Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gani Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Mahzure Kilicaslan.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 155
Hakverdi Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 255
Başağa Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sehitkamil branch this month are: 0
Gazel Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Elmadag branch this month are: 197
Katre Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dijdar Toker is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Barut Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch are: 4785
Isinsoy Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 0
Hamit Demirci is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
Derya Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Atilgan Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Azmi Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bera Uzun is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
Elanaz Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Benay Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gerçek Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecir Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acarbike Saglam is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 9
Mahmude Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
Başağa Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irak Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aygen Demir is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
Girin Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekim Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadile Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hincal Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Fadile Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gilyas Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karin Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demirezen Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hale Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 55
Dilfiruz Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cansel Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canal Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Baskın Aksoy.
Felat Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
Bera Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lİla Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Ferahfeza Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 93
Eyşan Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
Cazibe Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hacil Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahir Gunes is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Canay Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jeyan Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Kuluncak branch is Felin Dede.
Erim Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Egealp Avci is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Dalince Yasar is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Erdoğan Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dirlik Saglam is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Garibe Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jiyan Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Fakirullah Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Katmer Aktas is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Mahur Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erinç Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dehan Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bozdemir Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilhami Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faize Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cilvekar Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gelin Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hazan Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Osmangazi branch are: 4878
Faika Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aydemir Kocak is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
Karaca Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belde Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebyar Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kaymak Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdulrezzak Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferahfeza Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Girgin Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ikan Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Elmadag branch is Demiralp Buyuk.
Füreyya Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hilal Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hacı Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Cesme branch is Dehan Acar.
Total bonuses for the Keban branch are: 5564
Manager of the Cesme branch is Dehan Acar.
Farise Gul is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Ferruh Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Basim Ari is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
Eylem Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokalp Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadil Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balkiz Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdoğan Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erk Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Bahtiyar Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mamure Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baran Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 445
Latife Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Furkan Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 484
Deli Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eğilmez Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 493
Dayahatun Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berk Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fazıl Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fevzi Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Candan Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cezmiye Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 243
Ferhan Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadim Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebrar Gunes is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
Dilfeza Sahin is dismissed from branch: Keban.
Iyiturk Koc is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
Fermani Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İlkben Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haveri Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 747
Belen Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdülalim Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadil Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Derinkuyu branch this month are: 920
Emel Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canfeza Ipek is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Ihlamur Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalsar Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 1273
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 1008
Meral Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ajda Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilaydin Kocak is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
Berkay Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbey Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Torbali branch this month are: 711
Hattat Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahise Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cemresu Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Benay Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
Fenni Cetin is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
Gokben Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Göçmen Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jerfi Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aytekin Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hasret Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahsure Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Yazihan branch is Hamza Karahan.
Mayra Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farise Koc is dismissed from branch: Lice.
Hurel Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Merzuka Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Hilal Alp.
Fecir Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canhanım Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Burak Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balkiz Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gaye Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 841
Abay Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karakız Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acarbike Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadıla Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Elmadag branch this month are: 816
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 1023
Halilullah Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hafize Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch are: 7469
Bakinaz Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalsar Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mefharet Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Habibullah Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gelincik Kara is dismissed from branch: Araban.
Lavanta Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Fidan Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erim Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilferah Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Makbule Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gerçek Kaya is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Fecri Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Atilgan Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dünya Cicek is dismissed from branch: Lice.
Doruk Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erensu Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamra Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdem Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Havle Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hacı Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fariha Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karaca Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadice Kilic is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
Kavin Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berkan Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Loya Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Derinkuyu branch are: 4805
Total bonuses for the Osmangazi branch this month are: 1124
Janset Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Mahzure Kilicaslan.
Total bonuses for the Akyurt branch are: 6277
Behçet Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgat Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lale Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gaffur Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayvaz Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baharnaz Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahtiser Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 962
Bakiye Mengi is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
Donat Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sereflikochisar branch are: 6678
Memduha Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isfendiyar Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Cubuk branch is Fakihe Kocak.
Gazel Uzun is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
Jaledar Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Benan Dag is dismissed from branch: Araban.
Badem Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abadın Koc is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
Elmira Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebed Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
Gencal Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 1779
Habil Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erendiz Guler is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
Adalet Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdem Aksu is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Ersevim Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch are: 6335
Jergar Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazel Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Elmadag branch is Demiralp Buyuk.
Asli Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Keles branch this month are: 1976
Hadim Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilsozi Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Firdevsi Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elbek Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bakinaz Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cemalnur Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdenay Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İlke Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Başar Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Damla Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatma Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Destan Aslan.
Doğannur Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Layza Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Efdal Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgaz Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdurrahman Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
Abakay Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lavinya Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceyhan Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilfeza Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Lice branch is Karya Aydemir.
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Hilal Alp.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 1260
Leyli Aygun is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Gayret Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lalin Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahinur Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadıla Gul is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
Birol Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deryanur Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Maide Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Diba Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dafne Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilcan Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gihev Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cansel Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kuluncak branch this month are: 1329
Canela Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Halef Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leman Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fulya Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
Gazal Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lİla Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abendam Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fecri Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Efehan Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karen Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalım Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferdi Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 1881
Gizem Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch are: 7951
Demir Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sariyer branch is Fadile Demirci.
Hasbek Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylifer Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdülalim Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kadire Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İdil Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Duran Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 2269
Dildan Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kestel branch are: 5961
Bengi Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahiye Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berkan Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hacil Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hulki Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceydacan Alp is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
Aygen Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbay Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Cubuk branch this month are: 1998
Hulusi Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebubekir Yucel is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Total bonuses for the Pursaklar branch this month are: 1282
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 5793
Istemihan Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Fatih branch is Idris Uzun.
Abdullah Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylak Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch are: 6024
Ebyar Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdenay Kilic is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
Manager of the Sile branch is Aykut Ozen.
Ebrak Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Felin Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erkinay Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
Macide Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dirim Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belgin Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Filinta Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 1468
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 1154
Faide Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahise Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kamer Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berk Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdal Gunes is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
Deli Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hasbek Elmas is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
Cezire Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Cihanay Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayfer Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aleyna Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Inanna Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feyzullah Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatoş Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Adile Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 1062
Total bonuses for the Araban branch this month are: 1977
Total bonuses for the Keban branch are: 7085
Gewez Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Cesme branch this month are: 1323
Baharcan Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deli Yasar is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
Canal Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 2461
Hamis Celik is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
Dayehatun Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Benay Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 2121
Faraziye Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
Aba Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Acigol branch is Fatma Ceylan.
Manager of the Hacibektas branch is Kardelen Ari.
Fezai Erturk is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
Total bonuses for the Pursaklar branch this month are: 1742
Cavide Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Delal Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Habil Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 2229
Kahya Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Birol Karahan is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Demirezen Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferruh Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aysel Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Manager of the Esenler branch is Derem Acar.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch are: 5732
Hilkat Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 1962
Aysel Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Lice branch is Karya Aydemir.
Hamit Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bediz Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ishak Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilham Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erna Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Kevser Genc.
Deran Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fazıl Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Burak Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kamuran Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İlkben Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deryanur Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch are: 6953
Ilcan Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leyla Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cankut Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Darende branch this month are: 1380
Ayaz Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Birol Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Hakverdi Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferdi Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Evgin Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Elmadag branch this month are: 2391
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 2189
Total bonuses for the Orhaneli branch are: 7588
Ilgun Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eylem Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Birsoy Avci is leaving from branch: Cermik.
Leylim Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch this month are: 2501
Faden Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Janset Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Emetullah Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kamuran Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dehan Aksu is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
Donat Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Füreyya Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Havin Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abbas Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gece Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aybars Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Mamak branch is Faize Guler.
Makber Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilbirin Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatmanur Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aydin Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dafne Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Harika Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mediha Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayla Alp is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Ecrin Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Keles branch this month are: 2926
Baha Aydin is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
Manager of the Pursaklar branch is Gani Durmaz.
Dünya Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Celile Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekber Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 1897
Firuz Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Birol Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
Egealp Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Igdemir Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gogen Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karsu Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hulki Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hulki Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 3507
Maya Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Diba Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Maide Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deha Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Maya Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Duman Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demiralp Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belgin Senol is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Habib Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hasret Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahriye Kilic is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Kalender Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berkay Yigit is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Kamile Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Arzu Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 3238
Galip Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahriye Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 1709
Firuze Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acer Yigit is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
Dayahatun Kuru is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Jinsal Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Evin Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Galibe Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Afet Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Garibe Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdulhamit Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Giram Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bera Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sehitkamil branch this month are: 2800
Atilgan Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 2025
Hatice Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İdil Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abgun Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Esmeray Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dirim Aygun is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
Gewez Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fakirullah Nas is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
Deran Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Egezade Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fecir Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cihanay Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fazil Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belgi Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Delal Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edra Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 2009
Igdemir Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
Firdevsi Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Manager of the Elmadag branch is Demiralp Buyuk.
Lamiye Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iras Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Makber Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kainat Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahrur Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Izzettin Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Lice branch is Karya Aydemir.
Baldemir Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aydonat Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch are: 5515
Bakanay Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kamuran Balta is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Ayvaz Akpinar.
Erendil Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Maya Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karin Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazal Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dayehatun Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 8479
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 2233
Garibe Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deli Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Germa Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Ilhami Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karanfil Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bala Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
Lebibe Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cazibe Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Yazihan branch this month are: 2485
Igdemir Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kardan Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Darcan Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylan Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahmure Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Halef Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekenel Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamide Karakas is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch are: 6746
Girin Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abakan/Abakay Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Katun Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceydanur Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
Açelya Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Huray Erturk is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Kavin Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Firuze Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalayer Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lavanta Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fezai Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Leylifer Aslan.
Devrim Yucel is dismissed from branch: Lice.
Hejmar Toprak is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Füreyya Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Osmangazi branch is Kader Sari.
Fadıla Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jengar Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jalenur Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bilal Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Evgin Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lema Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karaca Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamide Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Damla Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baharnaz Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
Ilbilge Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalım Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilferah Uzun is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Husam Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch are: 7169
Adile Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Falaz Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edebali Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faris Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abakay Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Kafiye Mengi.
Dayehatun Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch this month are: 2648
Cankut Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgaz Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecir Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gani Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebrak Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazel Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch are: 6501
Fadik Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canel Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gedik Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Belde Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahur Erkan is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Meserret Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Dirok Uzun is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Iknat Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilci Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Delal Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylifer Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Halide Erkan is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
Canel Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gedik Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Keban.
Felin Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dorukhan Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Destan Aslan.
Atilla Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dildan Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berk Acar is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
Etkin Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Filinta Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Kuluncak branch is Felin Dede.
Faraziye Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abuşka Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canan Balta is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
Hurel Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balkoç Seker is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Hediye Cicek is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Hizir Gul is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Canece Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dahiye Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 3590
Ilbay Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Delal Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İclal Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isfendiyar Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
Lema Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gavsi Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Larissa Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 3923
Dal Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cemalnur Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canaş Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Fenni Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdullah Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canela Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferah Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Furkan Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lİla Kilic is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Huri Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lamia Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Cesme branch this month are: 2590
Hurol Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Devrim Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mensure Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Battalgazi branch is Halim Yilmaz.
Total bonuses for the Bagcilar branch this month are: 2656
Jilda Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kamelya Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanbeğendi Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iraz Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farah Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berat Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferzin Akbas is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Gogen Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haki Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edgü Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgun Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belde Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Delice Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baha Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gelin Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdullah Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fezai Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ihlamur Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch are: 10024
Gizem Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Durukan Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Tire.
Bahtiyar Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Katre Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jiyan Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canece Kocak is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
Kamelya Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Duman Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hediye Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatmanur Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazel Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Farah Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Arzu Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbas Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elbek Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Atilla Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Dogansehir branch this month are: 2404
Dilbirin Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilci Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Manager of the Genc branch is Ece Guler.
Total bonuses for the Cesme branch this month are: 3049
Jarin Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Barbaros Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferah Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berk Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fecir Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Igdemir Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Huseyin Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Cesme branch this month are: 3049
Dayahatun Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fikret Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Daristan Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferid Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahar Saglam is leaving from branch: Kuluncak.
Derince Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 2994
Manager of the Sile branch is Aykut Ozen.
Kamile Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haki Erturk is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Total bonuses for the Bahcelievler branch this month are: 3702
Mayra Karahan is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
Kardem Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gencal Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Meral Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekber Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feridun Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Habide Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch are: 9454
Bahtiser Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Darcan Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamiyet Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kaniye Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 4247
Medar Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ezgi Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Istemihan Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Katre Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahiye Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahibe Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ertan Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Meriç Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Esmeray Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch are: 7394
Canfeda Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilsozi Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadim Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilay Cetin is dismissed from branch: Tire.
Leyal Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Doğannur Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kaila/Kayla Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fazil Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecevit Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Felin Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgaz Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Inanna Yigit.
Kevser Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Esenler branch is Derem Acar.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 4037
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 3759
Ergin Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalbaş Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamaset Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
Dalayer Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fidan Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mesudane Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Medar Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fahrettin Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erendil Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sahinbey branch is Fidan Ay.
Gizmen Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jeyan Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokay Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canel Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hiram Akbas is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
Medar Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Himmet Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aber Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lara Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fakirullah Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acem Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Daltekin Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceydasu Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatma Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ejder Er is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Derin Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Katre Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Doğannur Kilic is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Aydonat Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanbeğendi Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erim Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acarhatun Demirci is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Halas Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hattat Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Keriman Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamaset Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erksin Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Debernuş Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Adalet Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Battalgazi branch this month are: 3852
Manager of the Fatih branch is Idris Uzun.
Deran Akbas is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
Hanif Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 3049
Behin Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylifer Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Leylifer Aslan.
Hadra Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canaş Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Ecevit Ozturk.
Abakay Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalayer Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Felek Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Felit Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ildem Toker is dismissed from branch: Araban.
Deha Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamaset Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
Bengi Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abay Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Darende branch are: 8266
Igdemir Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bergen Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Halas Gunes is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
Aynur Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokay Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
Fıda Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Başak Aksoy.
Ilcan Gunes is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
Cezmiye Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canal Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fazil Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hacer Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebrar Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Damra Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dirim Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İdil Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Cinar branch this month are: 4821
Hazan Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Emetullah Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canfeda Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eceseren Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilkcan Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 5586
Abakan/Abakay Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 4093
Hamza Gunes is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
Erensu Ozen is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
Halide Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hizir Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceydasu Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 3801
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 4188
Karadut Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baran Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cannur Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elacık Guler is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Hamis Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahperi Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karsel Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Ecevit Ozturk.
Bahir Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbas Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 4606
Aysun Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokalp Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haktan Genc is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Abadan Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balkin Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jehat Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baskın Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erkut Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Janseli Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karya Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berkan Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgaz Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayberk Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Badem Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abduş Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch this month are: 3158
Abuşka Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanife Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cihanay Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Dilbirin Aydin.
Erendil Kose is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
Bahamra Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceydanur Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Geray Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Lamia Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ildiz Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Alara Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sehitkamil branch this month are: 4073
Kardelen Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Destan Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
Doğannur Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgaz Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cezire Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Osmangazi branch is Kader Sari.
Merzuka Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 4324
Lal Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Battalgazi branch are: 9298
Faden Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
Bahiye Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hulusi Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karakız Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ildem Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Makbule Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elacık Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abakay Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Basim Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Bagcilar branch this month are: 167
Bakiye Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgaz Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fecri Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Cenah Kucuk.
Kadire Seker is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Mahbube Polat is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 180
Gediz Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aba Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cahide Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baldemir Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cenah Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Hacı Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Huseyin Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abay Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gamze Temel is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
Demirezen Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Firuze Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferah Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bakinaz Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dünya Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berkay Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Battalgazi branch this month are: 0
Lerzan Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekenel Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haveri Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berat Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Farika Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irtek Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Darende branch are: 8574
Abakan/Abakay Akbas is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
There is no such employee.
Derin Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Filizer Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İdil Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kadire Balta is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch are: 8618
Canalp Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cankat Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Izzettin Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deryanur Taskin is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Ekin Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatma Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahiye Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahrem Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalayer Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
There is no such employee.
Kardelen Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Pursaklar branch is Gani Durmaz.
Erendiz Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Harika Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Idris Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hatice Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Layza Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dijdar Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fahir Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dünya Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilsafa Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Izgutay Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ertan Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazele Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecegül Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İlkben Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Darende branch is Merzuka Ucar.
Hatunana Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamdullah Senol is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Edayi Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faden Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahar Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Heper Alp is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
Dayahatun Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fehim Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgun Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karina Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Ganimet Avci is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
Dalbaş Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bera Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 507
Bahtiyar Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dayahatun Er is dismissed from branch: Araban.
Abgun Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eser Erturk is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
Kardan Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Benan Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch are: 10068
Birsoy Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Evgin Aydin is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
Benay Cicek is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Fakirullah Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamza Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Cubuk branch this month are: 223
Karanfil Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Cubuk branch this month are: 223
Hatunana Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 150
Jinsal Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdulrezzak Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Daya Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgaz Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayberk Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Ganimet Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Total bonuses for the Sereflikochisar branch this month are: 591
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch are: 9019
Irtek Celik is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
Mamure Taskin is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Lice branch this month are: 1200
Burç Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dayehatun Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erkinay Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hades Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fena Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
Hamiyet Kara is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 761
Janset Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Huseyin Aydin is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Madelet Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgi Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
Keriman Uzun is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
Gizem Kocak is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
Bahtiyar Nas is dismissed from branch: Tire.
Total bonuses for the Osmangazi branch this month are: 329
Hakikat Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Göçer Cetin is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
Falaz Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İdil Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Battalgazi branch are: 9889
Hakgüzar Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Duman Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Elbek Akbas is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
Leyla Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eyşan Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdoğan Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lamiha Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gilyas Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
Kavin Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gale Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Insel Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Katre Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cansel Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aybars Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demiralp Cetin is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
Canel Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 402
Fıda Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 1604
Dilfiruz Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
Jalenur Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Enhar Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecevit Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aysel Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Filinta Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Husamettin Kocak is dismissed from branch: Konak.
Egealp Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Medar Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acer Ipek is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
Ajda Alkan is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
Maide Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekin Alp is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
Birol Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Keles.
Balin Durmaz is promoted from Cook to Manager.
Fazilet Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ezgi Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kayra Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iraz Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Lice branch this month are: 1426
Feray Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ibrahim Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gilyas Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deryab Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Esennur Acar is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
Jinmir Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bilal Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Evin Guler is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
Hadra Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazel Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazale Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
Iris Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dorukhan Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadile Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lamia Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baldemir Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferah Polat is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Karadut Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Feyza Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jinmir Seker is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch are: 11493
Evrensel Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canal Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jilda Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Cigli branch are: 11084
Ibrahim Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Cansel Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aygen Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edayi Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
Dijdar Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cannur Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Asiye Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canfeza Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hilkat Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derin Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceyhan Alkan is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
Mahizar Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erinç Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dal Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ferahfeza Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demirezen Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canela Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbay Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Acigol branch this month are: 1416
Bilal Aktas is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Lerze Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deran Elmas is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
Abadan Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 1475
Leman Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cankat Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 1240
Mahinur Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gencaslan Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hulki Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadra Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Furkan Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Total bonuses for the Tire branch this month are: 2698
Bakanay Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanbeğendi Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fakirullah Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Hacibektas branch this month are: 411
Fecri Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Aybars Aydin is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
İlkben Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 1503
Istemihan Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazel Acar is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
Ergin Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Canel Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 1618
Fıda Kilic is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Fermande Gul is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
Ilhami Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Daya Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Larissa Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Füreyya Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
Benay Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
Habib Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hincal Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erendiz Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch are: 12055
Himmet Gunes is dismissed from branch: Araban.
Ayberk Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hacer Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Total bonuses for the Torbali branch this month are: 1705
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Torbali branch are: 12841
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch are: 9739
Ayberk Tekin is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
Abdulkadir Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Buyukorhan branch are: 10989
There is no such employee.
Cazibe Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Golbasi branch are: 13415
Efdal Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hatunana Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Dalya Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dildar Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Göçmen Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eser Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hediye Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 1417
Ertan Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dayehatun Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kezban Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berat Er is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
Hilmi Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feridun Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 1531
Gokalp Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gaffar Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahrume Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acarbey Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aynur Yigit is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Bengi Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahrur Mert is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 1785
Ekenel Seker is dismissed from branch: Lice.
Layza Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Elbek Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ifakat Oz is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Total bonuses for the Sereflikochisar branch this month are: 1620
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 2032
Total bonuses for the Golbasi branch this month are: 1774
Elmira Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
Esmeray Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hasret Seker is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Leyan Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erendil Gunes is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
Atilgan Acar is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Atilgan Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Baran Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Medar Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İclal Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 1032
Hilmi Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cezlan Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Delistan Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fercan Aslan is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Itri Aksu is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
Hakan Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazi Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deran Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cilvekar Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kamer Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Merze Temel is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
Fatoş Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Falaz Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gencaslan Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Girin Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karmen Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanif Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hejmar Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanbeğendi Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abay Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sahinbey branch is Fidan Ay.
Derin Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Etkin Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aydemir Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayhan Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 1905
Evin Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilci Er is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
Total bonuses for the Akyurt branch this month are: 2260
Eren Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balkin Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 1353
Belemir Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebrar Taskin is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
Göçmen Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edhem Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Faize Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lebibe Kocak is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Canhanım Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Aybars Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aykut Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Dogansehir branch this month are: 1311
Hacı Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilferah Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jutenya Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Acunalp Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erkut Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ifakat Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
Gezgin Saglam is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
Abdal Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Araban.
Baharnaz Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abuşka Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faruk Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
Atilla Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilfigar Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abbase Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Etkin Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dildar Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Açelya Ozen is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Macide Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 1603
Aytunç Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isfendiyar Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Firdevsi Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faide Saglam is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
Demir Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Ecegül Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Merzuka Yucel is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Acarhatun Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isinsoy Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abbad Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Izzettin Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Esmeray Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ezgi Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamide Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Lice branch are: 10617
Açelya Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mamure Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecevit Sarac is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
Ekber Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jengar Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Filiz Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdullah Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ediz Akbas is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Elacık Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balkoç Gul is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
Abdulrezzak Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Makbule Aksu is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
Dal Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
Bahamra Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aytunç Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fahrettin Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fazilet Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahise Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylüfer Aslan is dismissed from branch: Darende.
Total bonuses for the Sehitkamil branch this month are: 1387
Fıda Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feridun Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karsu Aygun is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Duman Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yazihan branch this month are: 1063
Dildan Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Barbaros Kara is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Ayfer Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erksin Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Itri Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokalp Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Halim Gunes is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Derem Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dahiye Taskin is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Janbek Ucar is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
Acer Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Afitap Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Emetullah Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farika Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamza Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Huri Nas is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch are: 11338
Janset Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hurkan Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylüfer Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fulya Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lavin Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lerze Toprak is dismissed from branch: Keles.
Total bonuses for the Darende branch this month are: 2351
Hulki Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbay Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Azmi Kocak is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
Dündar Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilkcan Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jengar Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Tire branch are: 13384
Kevser Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
Fatmanur Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Harika Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eser Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ezeli Gunay is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
Mefharet Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
Gelincik Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farah Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
Daim Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ecem Dag is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
Ilgar Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derince Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lebibe Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahinur Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Gerçek Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canane Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Beliz Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanife Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalya Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Cubuk branch this month are: 2514
Ceydasu Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Figen Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahinur Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bagatur Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Bagatur Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Hacibektas branch this month are: 1387
Jefi Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lİla Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Meral Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derin Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
Eceseren Karahan is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
Total bonuses for the Cinar branch this month are: 2108
Adalan Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dahiye Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebyar Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 2430
Abdulkadir Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatih Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilfeza Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazele Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
Ecir Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bozkaya Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferdi Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canane Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Jalenur Ay is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Gezer Mert is dismissed from branch: Konak.
Esennur Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bagatur Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Atilgan Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbas Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farah Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aydemir Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Handan Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gelenay Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadile Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 2283
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 2338
Hacı Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cilvekar Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Filinta Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Birsoy Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Mamak branch this month are: 1488
Katre Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdibike Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canan Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dogansehir branch this month are: 1736
Karanfil Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalince Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahise Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
Aber Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kainat Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadra Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gezgin Ari is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
Fenni Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kainat Temel is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Esmeray Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haveri Toker is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
Fatih Sahin is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Abaza Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Dogansehir branch this month are: 1736
Lalin Kilic is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
Erna Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch are: 14776
Acarbey Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilfigar Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Göçmen Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 10672
Mahbube Duran is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Kezban Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belgin Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadis Demirci is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
Larasu Ipek is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Debernuş Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferhan Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fekahet Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
Acer Dede is dismissed from branch: Darende.
Hamza Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canece Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canfeza Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferdi Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Tire branch this month are: 4307
Hilal Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hilmi Ozen is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
Leylan Yasar is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch are: 14776
Cahide Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leman Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Elmadag branch this month are: 2380
Abdülalim Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derya Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Emetullah Elmas is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
Cilvekar Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 2989
Bozkaya Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iraz Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
Ergin Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bilal Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 3184
Daime Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Cigli branch this month are: 2839
Total bonuses for the Bahcelievler branch are: 11621
Ekber Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abadan Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kadriye Aslan is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
Daim Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Ilcan Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Havva Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
Leyla Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Delal Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deran Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 4746
Hakverdi Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hatice Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erksin Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lal Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
Jade Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Delfin Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eyşan Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Daim Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acem Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hejmar Guler is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
Ilgaz Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Havva Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fikrettin Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bakiye Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sile branch is Aykut Ozen.
Irak Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Hacibektas branch are: 11324
Meriç Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 3004
Daltekin Balta is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Ildiz Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fakihe Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jefi Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalya Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferhat Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
Göçmen Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilbirin Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 2419
Kadime Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Davud Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hatice Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch are: 13986
Habib Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aba Acar is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
Hurkan Sari is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Dahiye Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fulya Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokberk Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fikri Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edebali Avci is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Total bonuses for the Lice branch are: 11829
Hursit Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lavinya Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canhanım Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferdi Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jenin Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
Gelincik Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Esved Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Esmeray Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 3672
Leyla Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gelincik Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Can Aslan is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Bengi Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 3763
Donat Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Aynur Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 3672
Fermani Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadime Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İkbal Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Funda Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fenniye Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Araban.
Huriye Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demirezen Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aysu Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferhat Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecebay Arslan is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
Kaila/Kayla Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Efdal Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hikmet Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
Levzi Aygun is dismissed from branch: Darende.
Itri Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazal Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eren Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gaye Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Bagcilar branch this month are: 2137
Baharcan Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hakan Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hursit Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Layza Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fikrettin Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kainat Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahrur Polat is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
Ebrak Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fırat Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İdil Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Celile Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Fenni Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hulusi Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kamuran Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karanfil Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eceseren Sarac is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
Firdevsi Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Hacibektas branch this month are: 2408
Belgin Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 2793
Elbek Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demirbilek Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekmeleddin Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Efdal Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Havle Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalan Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Benan Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Araban branch are: 14358
Jutenya Ucar is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
Aber Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilkcan Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalya Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dorukhan Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kaniye Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Cubuk branch are: 13486
Gazele Kose is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Fer Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebrar Gunay is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
İdil Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Cubuk branch are: 13549
Aziz Ari is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
Karadut Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 3110
Abadın Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hursit Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deli Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Halef Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdulkadir Saglam is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Emetullah Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derince Uzun is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
Aba Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kulp branch this month are: 4081
Fatmanur Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abuşka Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatih Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fakirullah Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Atilla Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Birsoy Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deryab Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbay Akbas is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
Total bonuses for the Kuluncak branch this month are: 4225
Göçer Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kahya Avci is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
Hilkat Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baran Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erinç Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Gazi Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 2636
Jale Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Can Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch are: 12909
Ledeyna Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feza Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch are: 12127
Ezeli Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acunalp Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahsure Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Arzu Sahin is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Daim Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
Total bonuses for the Tire branch this month are: 4867
Deli Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hakverdi Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kezban Demir is dismissed from branch: Lice.
Cilvekar Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aykut Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gani Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch are: 10964
Benan Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fahrettin Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iknat Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Egezade Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 4417
Edaay Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Davud Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Buyukorhan branch this month are: 3900
Berkay Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Başağa Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eyşan Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aybars Akbas is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
Total bonuses for the Beypazari branch this month are: 3545
Fitnat Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hediye Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Esved Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mayra Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Caneda Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
Hanzala Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Erdoğan Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bala Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadis Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbey Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokalp Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Huri Demirci is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Eğilmez Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Mahbube Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Egezade Alkan is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 14235
Cemresu Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Atilgan Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mensure Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baha Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ediz Aytac is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
Erna Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sereflikochisar branch are: 14276
Gece Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Etfal Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Cubuk branch this month are: 4004
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch are: 12695
There is no such employee.
Abakay Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abakay Mert is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
Abbas Koc is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
Dafne Taskin is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
Daristan Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abad Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cezmiye Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayfer Alp is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Total bonuses for the Battalgazi branch this month are: 4518
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 4156
Hadra Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Mahiye Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Heper Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abadın Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 4736
Bakanay Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dal Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
Mayra Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
Fermande Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bilal Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leyli Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erendiz Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faris Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch are: 14141
Kamile Ari is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
Haki Erturk is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
Canfeda Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baskın Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Macide Koc is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
Lamiha Gunay is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
Huseyin Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Aybars Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Levin Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbas Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iraz Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahise Yigit is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
Lema Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hilmi Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Egealp Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Halim Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Yedisu branch this month are: 4026
Canfeza Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canalp Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fuad Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Felit Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karaca Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilsozi Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fehim Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berkay Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ezeli Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 15017
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 3770
Gazele Senol is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
Demirbilek Yasar is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
Canay Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fırtına Sarac is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
Adalet Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebyar Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilfeza Tekin is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Kader Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Yedisu branch this month are: 4189
Janset Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yedisu branch this month are: 4215
Ferahfeza Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Arzu Karakas is dismissed from branch: Konak.
Dilkeste Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahanur Alkan is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
Kader Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadra Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalince Sarac is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
Baha Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalsar Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dal Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferahfeza Gunay is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Dalayer Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belen Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Efehan Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gelincik Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahiye Arslan is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
Aynur Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bozkaya Taskin is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
Ebyar Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Havva Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Füreyya Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kafiye Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isa Elmas is dismissed from branch: Konak.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Başak Aksoy.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 38
Edhem Gunes is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
Lemide Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Daime Ozdemir.
Asiye Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aleyna Toker is dismissed from branch: Darende.
Harika Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bagatur Karakas is dismissed from branch: Darende.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mamak branch this month are: 96
Huriye Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Mahperi Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ayla Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elanaz Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eceseren Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Merze Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haktan Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Izgutay Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadim Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
Erendil Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lema Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gencal Ucar is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
Doğannur Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farika Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baldemir Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Donat Ozen is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Fidan Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecem Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
Mahzure Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fenni Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdem Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fuzuli Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
Filinta Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Firuze Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bakiye Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Firuze Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Atilgan Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Leylan Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jengar Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Germa Saglam is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
Erdibike Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Insel Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Celvetiye Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahizar Karahan is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch are: 12951
There is no such employee.
Hakgüzar Nas is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
Ayfer Sahin is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Manager of the Cinar branch is Danyal Korkmaz.
There is no such employee.
Izgutay Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karanfil Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahmude Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fenniye Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Araban.
Total bonuses for the Osmangazi branch this month are: 358
Karen Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
Aynur Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahire Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dehan Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Birsoy Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cezire Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Ergin Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gediz Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hakgüzar Yasar is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
Aydin Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dirok Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fahir Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baharnaz Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
There is no such employee.
Aleyna Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadile Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aygül Ozen is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
Canel Aytac is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Elanaz Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Cihanay Erturk is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Hadim Aytac is dismissed from branch: Araban.
Bahir Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Efdal Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilsafa Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Fatma Aydin is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Manager of the Golbasi branch is Gokberk Karahan.
Balca Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faysal Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fadime Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bera Karakas is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
Badem Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dündar Cetin is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
Hanzala Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gıyas Saglam is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Canipek Kose is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
Meserret Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Ezgi Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
Baha Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Darende.
Berk Gul is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
Gelenay Gunes is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Dilkeste Duran.
Daya Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Erim Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Farik Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Erendiz Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Ezgi Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Tire.
Hamit Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gewez Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hilkat Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Osmangazi branch is Kader Sari.
Erkut Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cezire Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Evren branch is Ihya Cetin.
Izzettin Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hursit Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gamze Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahsure Aslan is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch are: 13911
Merzuka Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hale Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hayal Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cazibe Karakas is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
Karin Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Bagcilar branch is Figen Aktas.
Ecir Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Havva Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Inanna Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Halas Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 436
Beliz Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sehitkamil branch this month are: 726
Canalp Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalım Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdulkadir Senol is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
Hakikat Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kayansel Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hale Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
Manager of the Evren branch is Ihya Cetin.
Atilgan Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Katmer Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Celile Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Daime Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahiye Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
Enhar Seker is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
Eylem Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dirlik Sahin is dismissed from branch: Konak.
Hulki Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bengi Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gayret Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalya Sarac is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
Acunalp Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Firuz Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Yazihan branch this month are: 231
Ilci Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hakim Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Burç Yildiran.
Lavanta Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Canaş Erkan.
Bangu Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acem Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hüdaverdi Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hafsa Temel is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
Gazi Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hasibe Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazal Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mediha Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Etkin Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erkinay Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayla Ucar is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
Garabed Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch are: 14560
Deha Toker is dismissed from branch: Araban.
Acarbike Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Heper Karakas is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
Ecebay Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hasbek Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haktan Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Duru Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Başak Sahin is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
Bahariye Akbas is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
Letafet Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 715
Ilgi Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamaset Gunes is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Hakim Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch are: 15631
Asli Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
İdil Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jinsal Oz is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Total bonuses for the Hacibektas branch are: 13680
Damla Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ezra Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Başağa Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebecen Arslan is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
Canfeza Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatine Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ersevim Akbas is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Feray Sari is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
Filiz Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebubekir Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdi Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Leylüfer Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kadife Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Abak Kose is dismissed from branch: Araban.
Adalet Seker is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
Fakri Demir is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Gazele Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Daya Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hafsa Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derince Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Total bonuses for the Dogansehir branch are: 13379
Iknat Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Derinkuyu branch is Felek Koc.
Barbaros Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Caneda Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Jefi Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Lİna Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fitnat Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Başak Aksoy.
Meriç Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fakihe Cetin is dismissed from branch: Konak.
Ferhunde Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fena Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilsafa Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Eğmen Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Felat Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hurol Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Damla Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbey Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazel Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bengi Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Can Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Levin Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gorani Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acarbey Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lal Seker is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Ferhan Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deryanur Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamis Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Bagcilar branch are: 14653
Abbas Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Hasibe Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferid Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazal Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ifakat Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Golbasi branch this month are: 1564
Ekin Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dirim Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahrume Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hidayet Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bakiye Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demirezen Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ildem Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Diclehatun Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgar Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gewez Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilkcan Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Lema Ucar is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
Erensu Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karaca Balta is dismissed from branch: Konak.
Emel Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erk Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Levin Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dahiye Toprak is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Gezer Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecebay Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanbey Karahan is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
Mahru Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 642
Manager of the Sereflikochisar branch is Hincal Toprak.
Manager of the Kulp branch is Derin Seker.
Baha Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Darcan Erturk is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
Leman Aslan is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Ifakat Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kadire Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazel Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Bagcilar branch are: 14786
Kevser Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hatice Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abdullah Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Baskın Aksoy.
Hilal Saglam is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Jilda Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Cinar branch is Danyal Korkmaz.
Bakanay Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahriye Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecenaz Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Dilfigar Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Falaz Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Cavlan Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gencal Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lerze Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalya Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jinmir Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Torbali branch is Delistan Ozdemir.
Eser Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faraziye Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hidayet Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baskın Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamide Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derince Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahir Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Birol Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylüfer Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch are: 14474
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch are: 16079
Fakihe Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch are: 15162
Acem Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Daltekin Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belgi Sahin is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
Abgun Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fer Acar is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Abdullah Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Kardem Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fırtına Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
Karen Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ganime Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferid Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Mahru Kilicarslan.
Felat Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Darcan Gunes is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
Eylem Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalbaş Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cannur Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hayriye Aktas is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
Ayla Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Aygül Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fuad Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fidan Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farika Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canel Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Torbali branch this month are: 1378
Hilkat Demir is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
Gevher Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamra Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahbube Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fekahet Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
Total bonuses for the Cubuk branch this month are: 1058
Lema Avci is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
Ezeli Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eftal Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadime Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kevser Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Asuman Celik is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
İlayda Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Ilaydin Erturk.
Manager of the Kulp branch is Derin Seker.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 1159
Inanna Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Garabed Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elacık Demirci is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Erendil Uzun is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
Dilsozi Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Furkan Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Atilgan Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canan Cicek is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch are: 16458
Bera Elmas is dismissed from branch: Keban.
Edra Kocak is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Açelya Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bengisu Aksu is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Manager of the Cesme branch is Dehan Acar.
Dayehatun Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canane Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecebay Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ferdi Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hacil Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hacer Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Battalgazi branch this month are: 2675
Lalin Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hurel Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Burç Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Bahamra Nas.
Leyli Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Halef Taskin is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
Kadriye Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hilmi Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İkbal Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecem Elmas is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Etkin Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
Damra Gul is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Dorukhan Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Husamettin Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Faraziye Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 2510
Hamdullah Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch are: 13885
Ferdi Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Idris Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Acarbike Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Efehan Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fehim Ay is dismissed from branch: Tire.
Manager of the Yesilyurt branch is Loya Cebeci.
Gazel Ari is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Feza Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bakanay Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgaz Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadice Akbas is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Ilci Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Yesilyurt branch this month are: 1398
Ecmel Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 1494
Hilkat Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fidan Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Dilfigar Senol.
Medar Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Firuze Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadil Temel is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
Aysun Erkan is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Erendil Arslan is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
Total bonuses for the Acigol branch this month are: 2158
Abdulkadir Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
Kaymak Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İlkben Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
Bahise Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fena Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jenin Kilic is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
Mediha Erkan is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Ilgun Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 2274
Ermiye Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cavide Dag is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
Gamze Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahar Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Istemihan Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Levzi Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 1987
Total bonuses for the Kuluncak branch this month are: 2240
Katre Taskin is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Faide Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ikan Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Badem Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deha Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Keban branch is Dorukhan Duran.
Manager of the Sahinbey branch is Fidan Ay.
Total bonuses for the Yazihan branch are: 15779
Badem Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dehan Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Torbali branch this month are: 1963
Hikmet Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faika Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 2164
Lamia Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Yesilyurt branch this month are: 1724
Deran Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Kezban Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Birsoy Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
Hurel Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kestel branch are: 14244
Filiz Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Derin Ucar is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
Canela Alp is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Basri Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mefharet Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demirbilek Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dayehatun Yucel is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
Kardelen Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hasbek Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahtiyar Ipek is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
Hasbek Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karsu Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İlke Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ihya Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balca Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Leyla Gunes.
There is no such employee.
Faden Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Torbali branch are: 17744
Fadime Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Cubuk branch is Fakihe Kocak.
Dehan Tekin is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
There is no such employee.
Hediye Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Habide Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gayret Kocak is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Adalet Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kadife Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gayret Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demiralp Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdulkadir Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derya Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hediye Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lamia Kilic is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
Emel Nas is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
Aysu Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
Haki Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch are: 18023
Dilay Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Merze Cicek is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Ilci Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebubekir Ozen is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Efdal Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Bahcelievler branch this month are: 2792
Dalsar Acar is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Baha Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Farik Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Habil Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Kevser Genc.
Fadime Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fıda Ozen is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Canan Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Cesme branch is Dehan Acar.
Total bonuses for the Golbasi branch this month are: 2175
There is no such employee.
Abendam Arslan is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
Husamettin Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatine Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baharcan Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Edhem Alp is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
Bozdemir Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canan Polat is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
Lamiha Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Leyla Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
Total bonuses for the Kestel branch this month are: 2495
Gediz Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahperi Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fırat Alkan is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
Damra Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilkcan Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
Basim Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Akyurt branch this month are: 1570
Hiram Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bala Gunay is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Fahrettin Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayla Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fakihe Kose is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
Girgin Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Akyurt branch this month are: 1570
Cankat Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haluk Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
Lerzan Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayberk Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ihya Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hulusi Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 2678
Makber Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdülalim Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Atilla Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erinç Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dündar Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahiye Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Evgin Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isfendiyar Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Ecevit Ozturk.
Hanbey Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isa Balta is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
Manager of the Kuluncak branch is Felin Dede.
Fecir Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilemma Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Azmi Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dirok Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 16741
Igdemir Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cannur Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
Damra Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kahya Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Keriman Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acunalp Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berk Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayvaz Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Loya Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
Canel Ozen is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
Abuşka Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahsure Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Osmangazi branch this month are: 3048
Leyli Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gewez Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abbase Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Kagithane branch is Erkinay Cetin.
Karin Sahin is dismissed from branch: Tire.
Hazan Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Faysal Kilic is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
Mahire Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Izgutay Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kuluncak branch are: 14910
Mahmure Genc is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
Eylem Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sereflikochisar branch is Hincal Toprak.
Farika Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Habib Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 2930
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 2642
Lerzan Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gale Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gizem Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hüdaverdi Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamza Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilferah Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ezra Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdi Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kadime Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Cubuk branch is Fakihe Kocak.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 2888
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Acigol branch this month are: 3292
Bahariye Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Janbek Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekim Polat is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
Isinkan Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İkbal Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leyal Dede is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Belemir Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadik Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fikri Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fuzuli Kaya is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Feray Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdullah Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haki Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abak Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanif Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 3405
Gencay Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch are: 18946
Cankat Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hadis Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gencaslan Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Etfal Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isa Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jeyan Uzun is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
Leyan Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dahiye Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hakikat Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 3428
Katun Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 2079
Filizer Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Behin Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elmira Dag is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
Mahbube Arslan is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
Ildiz Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Duman Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Hurkan Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Ildem Aytac is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Leylak Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iras Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Enginsel Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Kuluncak branch is Felin Dede.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Felek Erkan.
Ferhan Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irak Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Burak Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hiram Erturk is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
Habil Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Harika Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ibrahim Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
Aborkar Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jarin Yasar is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Leyli Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hilmi Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch are: 15577
Abakan/Abakay Karahan is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Hasret Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Janseli Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Duran Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch are: 18012
Ecmel Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abak Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cahide Gul is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
Canece Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iyiturk Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Canaş Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Darende branch are: 15574
Karin Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 3298
Lİna Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Golbasi branch is Gokberk Karahan.
Ecrin Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Behin Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Izgutay Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Keban.
Fazil Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Deryanur Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Cubuk branch are: 17592
Manager of the Sile branch is Aykut Ozen.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Mahru Kilicarslan.
Mahrur Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Janbek Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahamra Alp is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
Demir Alkan is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
Dirim Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbey Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derem Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faide Koc is dismissed from branch: Keles.
Hamra Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cezlan Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Emetullah Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ergin Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yedisu branch is Davud Ay.
Kafiye Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aynur Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgat Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Cinar branch this month are: 2953
Ezeli Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadime Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Yedisu branch is Davud Ay.
Alev Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fıda Dede is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
Ildiz Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abad Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Hayat Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fidan Gunay is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cesme branch this month are: 3596
There is no such employee.
Erinç Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 3202
There is no such employee.
Isinsoy Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
Halas Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Erkut Guler is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Kardan Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kadife Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gale Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Felat Taskin is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Leylim Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
Aysel Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ledeyna Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdurrahman Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fikret Ucar is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
Baran Sari is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Cihanay Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Giram Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hattat Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erk Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdal Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekenel Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dal Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadim Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Halide Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Jasmin Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 2438
Fazıl Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leyla Kilic is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
Derin Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Layza Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Elanaz Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayhan Kaya is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
Manager of the Kulp branch is Derin Seker.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 3232
Mahperi Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Egezade Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baran Tekin is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
Latife Yigit is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Mahur Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Feza Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balkiz Gul is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Aykut Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fermani Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hincal Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
Jade Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Eftal Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hasret Aydin is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
Ekber Alp is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
Hayal Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Enhar Demirci is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
Dalayer Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
Hulki Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch this month are: 3847
Abakay Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fazıl Aksu is dismissed from branch: Araban.
There is no such employee.
Mayra Mengi is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
Gihev Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ledeyna Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Firuze Karahan is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Total bonuses for the Acigol branch this month are: 3606
Layike Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Mahzure Kilicaslan.
Gayret Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Eser Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aziz Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kadire Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilsafa Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilferah Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feza Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
Iyiturk Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamza Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Konak.
Dijdar Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leman Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 2727
Ferah Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Atilla Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fezai Gunes is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
Kahya Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fezai Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canfeda Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Tire.
Medar Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dildar Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Osmangazi branch this month are: 4212
Kainat Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haveri Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Insel Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 4505
Total bonuses for the Sereflikochisar branch this month are: 3186
Abdulhamit Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokalp Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fahrettin Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Habib Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Cannur Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Cesme branch are: 16652
Faden Elmas is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Ersevim Er is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
Eti Kaya is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
Mahsure Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Erinç Akpinar.
Lavinya Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Destecan Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Cansel Cetin is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
Eğilmez Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Barut Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Burç Yildiran.
Abuşka Kara is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
Aybars Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Erendiz Kose.
Birol Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Doruk Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch are: 16362
Havle Guler is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Doruk Sari is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
Gamze Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Havva Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch this month are: 3948
Lemide Gunes is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
Dilfiruz Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferda Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leyla Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ejder Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Başağa Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dirim Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haluk Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canel Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elvan Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abbas Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gazal Aytac is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
Bediz Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edahses Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abakay Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lerzan Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferzin Gunes is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
Hatice Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ertunga Cetin is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yedisu branch is Davud Ay.
Hafız Cetin is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Ceydanur Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
Aber Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferid Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahar Gul is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
Beha Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayvaz Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Adile Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lemide Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 5076
Hasbek Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dildan Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Lamiha Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Hacer Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbas Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilaver Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamit Toprak is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
Maide Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgat Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gilyas Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gelenay Aydin is dismissed from branch: Tire.
Total bonuses for the Lice branch this month are: 5232
Candan Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Abadın Alp is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kezban Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Can Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Mayra Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Beliz Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cankat Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Golbasi branch is Gokberk Karahan.
Bagatur Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilfigar Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İlkben Sahin is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Canan Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deli Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eti Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hale Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bakanay Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceren Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acer Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahire Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Giram Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eylem Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İclal Aslan is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 3796
Karya Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Layike Erturk is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Abak Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gavsi Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bakanay Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Bahamra Nas.
Berk Duran is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch are: 17719
Baldemir Yasar is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Devrim Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 5220
Ezra Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derince Mengi is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
Gihev Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Diclehatun Sahin is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
Dilsafa Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kaila/Kayla Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kayansel Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
Haktan Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eylem Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Durukan Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Devrim Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahbube Erturk is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Ece Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karaca Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Etfal Akbas is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
Ebrak Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hacer Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Jengar Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalya Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jeyan Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Furkan Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aba Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elvan Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
There is no such employee.
Ilgat Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Galibe Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanzala Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Beliz Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Felin Dede is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
Gezer Duran is promoted from Cook to Manager.
Belde Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamza Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch are: 19231
Karina Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dijdar Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdullah Yigit is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
Lebibe Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilbirin Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jinsal Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Konak.
Hasbek Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
There is no such employee.
Aydin Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdurrahman Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canel Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Ceydacan Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Felek Erkan.
Ilbilge Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
Total bonuses for the Pursaklar branch this month are: 5098
Dalan Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokay Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanzala Dag is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
Fakirullah Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deryab Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceydacan Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
Hiram Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Başak Aksoy.
Haldun Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jasmin Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
Fırat Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karina Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kamer Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hafize Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Bagcilar branch this month are: 5835
Ibrahim Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Dilfigar Senol.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch this month are: 5212
Irsat Ay is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
Feleytun Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İlkben Kilic is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Erksin Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Total bonuses for the Battalgazi branch this month are: 6243
Ayberk Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fazilet Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Tire branch this month are: 4420
There is no such employee.
Hejmar Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Lice branch this month are: 5788
Hadra Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
Gihev Guler is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 5262
Funda Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Orhaneli branch this month are: 4698
Maide Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fidan Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Kadire Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Firuze Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hurel Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kaila/Kayla Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Hamza Gunay is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
Barut Polat is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Leylüfer Temel is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
Fenni Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 4746
Dehna Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gayret Alkan is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
Hamit Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feyzullah Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch are: 18302
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelincik Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Izzettin Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Cigli branch this month are: 5299
Ayla Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
Gavsi Demirci is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Iraz Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Heper Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hurkan Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Cavide Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fahri Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Habibullah Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Larasu Ay is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
Ihlamur Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dogansehir branch this month are: 4623
Danyal Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fuzuli Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Evin Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Yedisu branch are: 19471
Ilbilge Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karsel Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aydin Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Melodi Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kahya Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Damra Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jiyan Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faik Ay is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
Fatine Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ekmeleddin Gul is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
Karina Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Damla Aygun is dismissed from branch: Tire.
Leyli Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Hiram Temel is dismissed from branch: Araban.
Total bonuses for the Araban branch this month are: 3887
Total bonuses for the Cesme branch this month are: 5053
Aydemir Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
Damra Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Diba Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Keles.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adakli branch is Cankut Erkan.
Gokberk Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahinur Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
Fevzi Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acer Saglam is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
Ekmeleddin Aslan is dismissed from branch: Keban.
Ganime Gunes is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
Manager of the Beypazari branch is Isinkan Senol.
Kahya Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fezai Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Esennur Yasar is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Larissa Cicek is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Mahru Dag is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
Ildir Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fikret Cicek is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch are: 19093
Manager of the Gursu branch is Felek Erkan.
Berkay Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karsu Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irsat Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 5493
Abbase Dede is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
Kamelya Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilferah Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Halas Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lebriz Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebecen Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bengisu Taskin is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
Acer Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadra Elmas is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Bilal Mert is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
Habib Karakas is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Eğmen Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgi Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Furkan Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 4598
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 5711
Dildan Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Füreyya Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derya Ay is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Total bonuses for the Kuluncak branch this month are: 5524
Abdal Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erhan Arslan is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
Eylem Aytac is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
Göçer Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilfiruz Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahtiser Kose is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Demirbilek Yuksel.
Heper Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hurol Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahrur Elmas is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Total bonuses for the Sehitkamil branch are: 20377
Baldemir Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balin Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch are: 20304
Giram Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdibike Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Diclehatun Ay is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Ferruh Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fezai Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Konak.
Fakirullah Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 6490
Letafet Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faize Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
There is no such employee.
Inanna Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
Cankat Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erksin Koc is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
Fulya Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mediha Erturk is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulkadir Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leyla Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Husam Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch are: 19009
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Fadime Aydogan.
Aysel Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Fırat Demirci.
Destan Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Medar Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
Abdurrahman Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
Eti Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lerzan Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdibike Kara is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 5019
İlayda Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hatunana Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahizar Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Adalet Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deha Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kardelen Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baskın Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Hincal Er is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
Dalbaş Gul is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
Fadik Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kulp branch are: 23790
Fariha Arslan is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Farah Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalince Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokben Alp is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
Huray Aytac is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Acarbey Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leyli Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Esmeray Kuru is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Gokay Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haktan Guler is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
Bakinaz Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İdil Kaya is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Bahariye Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acarbey Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
Dildar Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Layike Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Iknat Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Hikmet Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kardan Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canay Erturk is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Acunalp Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elacık Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadil Avci is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Leylifer Aslan.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Mahzure Kilicaslan.
Mahmure Kara is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
Kahya Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch are: 21805
Total bonuses for the Acigol branch are: 19782
Mahsure Duran is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
Basri Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gedik Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Efdal Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Ebed Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
Filizer Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lale Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Larasu Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
Mahiye Duran is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Burç Yildiran.
Demirezen Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Esved Toprak is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Damra Sahin is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
Total bonuses for the Cubuk branch are: 19984
Memduha Oz is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Bahamra Nas.
There is no such employee.
Azad Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Lice branch are: 19605
Eğmen Ucar is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
Kadime Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Darin Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mamak branch are: 18983
Fakirullah Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
Kader Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hadice Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Meserret Durmaz.
Harika Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bergen Gunay is dismissed from branch: Lice.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch are: 21939
There is no such employee.
Cemalnur Aygun is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Dilemma Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Adalan Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hayal Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feyza Ari is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Bahanur Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ezra Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faize Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karanfil Saglam is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Elbek Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Layike Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Hamza Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dahiye Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haldun Alkan is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
Kamuran Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bartu Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Firuz Demir is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
Eyşan Demirci is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
Meriç Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Huriye Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Hamis Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iyiturk Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
Mahinur Ipek is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
Gazi Aktas is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Manager of the Sahinbey branch is Fidan Ay.
There is no such employee.
Itri Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eğilmez Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Bilal Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aleyna Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdulrezzak Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hafize Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sereflikochisar branch is Hincal Toprak.
Abbas Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hazal Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elbek Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Egezade Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
Barbaros Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Galibe Aytac is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
Medar Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Merzuka Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Leylan Demir is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Cezmiye Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cavide Mengi is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
Germa Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Egealp Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fikrettin Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
Gizmen Tekin is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
Bakinaz Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
Ilbilge Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekber Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ildem Senol is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Adile Temel is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
Total bonuses for the Osmangazi branch are: 19478
Faysal Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Havle Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Başak Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch are: 19693
There is no such employee.
Bartu Seker is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
Abadın Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Ecrin Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bengi Genc is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
Ilham Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hakikat Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erk Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Tire.
Asuman Sahin is dismissed from branch: Darende.
Garibe Alp is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Manager of the Pursaklar branch is Gani Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch are: 20918
Havin Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Meserret Durmaz.
Karmen Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Bediz Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Derya Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Inanna Yigit is dismissed from branch: Darende.
There is no such employee.
Falaz Yigit is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Evin Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dildar Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Jade Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Leylifer Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilcan Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilaver Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Donat Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lalin Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Galip Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eren Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Total bonuses for the Torbali branch are: 21920
Hazan Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gezgin Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgat Oz is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
Hakikat Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dirim Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fehim Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Abdurrahman Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Doruk Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eğmen Arslan is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Meserret Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Feridun Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ibrahim Yucel is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Erdoğan Cetin is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Huri Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Donat Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamit Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahanur Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgun Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
Karanfil Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
Gencay Er is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Karadut Kara is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Torbali branch is Delistan Ozdemir.
Aborkar Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Halide Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
There is no such employee.
Erensu Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gazel Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Garibe Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch are: 19144
Gizem Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abak Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Jinmir Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Efehan Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kader Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Birol Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Dalan Toker is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Ekenel Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
Erdoğan Dag is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Irsad Yucel is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
Damla Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Levzi Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ertan Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch are: 22105
Deryab Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch are: 18463
Berkan Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatoş Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
Halilullah Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mayra Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Jale Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgaz Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kalender Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Habide Senol is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
Berat Karahan is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Lice branch are: 20755
There is no such employee.
Halas Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fezai Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferid Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Leyla Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanbeğendi Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deha Oz is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
Abad Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
Canal Er is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
Hilmi Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Konak branch is Gizmen Aksu.
Letafet Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
Berkan Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hafız Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
Demir Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Giram Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferhat Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Keriman Temel is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
Fenniye Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
Belemir Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamaset Yasar is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Acarhatun Mengi is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Mahrume Demirci is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavin Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hayal Aydin is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Fadıla Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Beypazari branch are: 20332
There is no such employee.
Farik Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Garibe Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Atilla Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
Dalayer Genc is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
Falaz Alp is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Ebed Kucuk.
Ebubekir Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Erinç Akpinar.
There is no such employee.
Dalya Yucel is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Fenni Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Geray Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abakay Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ayberk Toker is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
Hacı Kaya is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
Bahamra Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Falaz Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Duran Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamiyet Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Erendiz Kose.
There is no such employee.
Fakri Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Derinkuyu branch is Felek Koc.
Katre Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
Ekmeleddin Sari is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Fenniye Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilferah Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jerfi Sahin is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Erk Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Daime Ozdemir.
Aylin Genc is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch are: 18760
Durul Arslan is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
Darcan Celik is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Adalan Uzun is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Balkoç Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Baglar branch is Kamer Guler.
Cavlan Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fahrettin Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdulkadir Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canhanım Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilbirin Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
Habil Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
Hafize Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Farik Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kadriye Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derince Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gezer Aktas is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Haldun Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Ecevit Ozturk.
There is no such employee.
Fercan Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Inanna Yigit.
Cannur Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Huriye Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Enginsel Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazi Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İkbal Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fırtına Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Hadis Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Deryab Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Felek Erkan.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch are: 18812
Hurel Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bediz Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Fecir Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fevzi Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Manager of the Kagithane branch is Erkinay Cetin.
Bergen Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
Manager of the Battalgazi branch is Halim Yilmaz.
Fezai Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kardem Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Manager of the Yesilyurt branch is Loya Cebeci.
Total bonuses for the Hacibektas branch are: 18132
Hizir Kuru is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Gavsi Saglam is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
Felit Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Erhan Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
There is no such employee.
Dahiye Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Elmadag branch this month are: 1355
Ilgun Demir is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
Hadra Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakay Yasar is dismissed from branch: Evren.
İlke Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gaffar Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Medar Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Lalin Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cankut Yasar is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Ecrin Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Duman Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Giram Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farik Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acarhatun Mengi is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Derin Aksu is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
Lerze Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch are: 19841
Meral Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cazibe Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilkeste Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Araban branch are: 21943
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch are: 21235
Manager of the Keban branch is Dorukhan Duran.
Medar Celik is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Dilferah Karahan is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Hüdaverdi Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiyar Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Katmer Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Damla Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yazihan branch are: 21098
Manager of the Dicle branch is Demirbilek Yuksel.
Lalin Kocak is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
Mahru Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilkcan Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gedik Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Fadime Aydogan.
Total bonuses for the Beypazari branch are: 21017
Gelenay Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Mahrem Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acunalp Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazal Aydin is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
Hincal Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kardan Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ilkcan Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 19718
Ezra Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Evrensel Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Keriman Sari is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
Ecmel Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aleyna Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Meserret Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
Fercan Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lale Yucel is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Aysu Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayla Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Leyal Saglam is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
There is no such employee.
Açelya Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Diclehatun Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
There is no such employee.
Leylim Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Karsu Demir is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
Hulusi Kuru is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
Manager of the Sile branch is Aykut Ozen.
Medar Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Erendil Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jade Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dünya Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahir Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
Ecmel Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bakinaz Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balin Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faraziye Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Fadik Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baha Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hades Saglam is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Heper Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadıla Cicek is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Araban branch are: 22310
Abak Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Doğannur Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hacer Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferhan Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lemide Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecehan Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahtiser Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
Evin Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Kevser Genc.
Fahri Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gorani Gul is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Abdulkadir Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jehat Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Darende branch are: 19593
Harika Kara is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Meserret Durmaz.
Cannur Oz is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Dehna Cetin is dismissed from branch: Keles.
Hattat Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Fer Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahmude Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kadriye Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fuad Aksu is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Manager of the Elmadag branch is Demiralp Buyuk.
Canfeza Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hacibektas branch is Kardelen Ari.
Edhem Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
Canipek Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Farika Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Burak Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanif Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dafne Koc is dismissed from branch: Darende.
Maya Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gorani Toprak is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch are: 20807
Manager of the Merkez branch is Leylifer Aslan.
Abay Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
Dileda Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Layza Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fevzi Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Felek Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dalsar Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elvan Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cezmiye Dag is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
Belgin Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demiralp Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadime Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Emetullah Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
Azad Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Merzuka Sahin is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Dalbaş Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hafize Acar is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Manager of the Cigli branch is Evin Durmaz.
Karina Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cihanay Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Lİna Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Mahzure Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fulya Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fazilet Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isinsoy Aktas is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Total bonuses for the Derinkuyu branch are: 20344
Huray Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Torbali branch are: 23693
Fatoş Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bera Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abakay Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilaver Avci is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
Bahtiser Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bagatur Aygun is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Iras Taskin.
There is no such employee.
Mahrume Seker is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Halilullah Gul is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Beliz Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Mahru Kilicarslan.
Gaffar Akbas is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Hanzala Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Makber Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gizem Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lerzan Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gelenay Cicek is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazilet Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Benan Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isinsoy Oz is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
Ferda Saglam is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
Ferda Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kısmet Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 1369
Acarbike Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Leyla Gunes.
Darin Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch are: 23305
Fazıl Kaya is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Jiyan Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatmanur Aytac is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
There is no such employee.
Lavanta Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Hizir Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Etkin Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acarbey Avci is dismissed from branch: Keles.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch are: 24211
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aydonat Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kahya Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdurrahman Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eftal Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilham Ucar is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
Feleytun Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Habil Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ergin Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belgi Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canfeda Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karina Oz is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
There is no such employee.
Egezade Taskin is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
Derman Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aynur Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hurkan Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Idris Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Konak.
Faik Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Dorukhan Duran is dismissed from branch: Keban.
Dünya Acar is promoted from Cook to Manager.
Cemresu Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bagcilar branch are: 21392
Melodi Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
Haluk Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Kagithane branch is Erkinay Cetin.
Ferah Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Alev Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Handan Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Duran Gunes is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
There is no such employee.
Hejmar Alkan is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
There is no such employee.
Bakinaz Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
Halas Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Konak branch is Gizmen Aksu.
Eti Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Destan Aslan.
Total bonuses for the Cigli branch are: 23071
There is no such employee.
Mahru Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
Canel Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahtiyar Gunes is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
Ayvaz Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Canalp Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Karmen Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadra Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gerçek Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Bahanur Ay is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Gevher Taskin is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Esennur Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceren Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch are: 22668
Leylan Karakas is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
Ezgi Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irak Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Furkan Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Lice.
Afitap Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Dogansehir branch are: 20489
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daristan Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Janset Saglam is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Osmangazi branch is Kader Sari.
Fakihe Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ihya Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abgun Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kaymak Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dal Seker is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
Dileda Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ganime Acar is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Davud Guler is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Manager of the Battalgazi branch is Halim Yilmaz.
Danyal Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ildem Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cezmiye Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceydacan Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
Dijdar Erturk is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
Medar Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Celile Toprak is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Layza Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
Gaffar Aydin is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
Ebubekir Ari is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
Baharcan Saglam is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
Ezgi Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalya Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahise Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abduş Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Darende branch is Merzuka Ucar.
Evin Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İlkben Alp is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Ferruh Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Hacibektas branch is Kardelen Ari.
Hale Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sehitkamil branch are: 22672
Ece Gunes is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
Isfendiyar Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
Mefharet Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Arzu Kuru is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Ilgar Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erinç Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Etfal Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hincal Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Ilaydin Erturk.
Leyan Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Ilbay Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hacer Temel is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
Hamdullah Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Manager of the Orhaneli branch is Fadime Aydin.
Hattat Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Ecevit Ozturk.
Banu Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iraz Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalbaş Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
Lerzan Ipek is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
Gaye Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Girgin Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lebibe Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
There is no such employee.
Bengisu Gunes is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ikram Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Duran Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eftal Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Furkan Aytac is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Kafiye Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Fırat Demirci.
Makbule Mengi is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
Abdulrezzak Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Istemihan Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mamure Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Enhar Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ihvan Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acunalp Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erinç Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
Ildir Aytac is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
There is no such employee.
Jaledar Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Layza Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lerzan Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Larissa Seker is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
Laylank Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cazibe Yigit is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
Manager of the Evren branch is Ihya Cetin.
Baldemir Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecir Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hizir Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferah Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cilvekar Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
Dalan Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Leyla Gunes.
Bahtiyar Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gelin Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Insel Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Duran Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
Halide Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Manager of the Evren branch is Ihya Cetin.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch are: 23318
Gaffur Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Levzi Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch are: 24175
Farise Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hafsa Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanzala Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Destan Kose is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
Göçer Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feyza Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gece Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferahfeza Demir is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Total bonuses for the Keles branch are: 25578
There is no such employee.
Faruk Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Füreyya Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch are: 23744
Erksin Cetin is dismissed from branch: Keban.
Ertunga Yigit is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
Hatice Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sehitkamil branch is Farika Oz.
Demirezen Kose is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Gani Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İlayda Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilfeza Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Celile Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch are: 21020
Kavin Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İffet Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
Hizir Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cezlan Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Inanna Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Insel Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Katmer Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ilci Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ildir Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abat Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Azmi Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Karadut Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
There is no such employee.
Baha Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Abad Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kayla Gunes is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
Ecenaz Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbas Ay is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
Delice Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acem Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Letafet Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Dildan Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebrak Demirci is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
Egezade Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceydasu Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
Bergen Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bartu Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kavin Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Darende.
There is no such employee.
Fıda Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demiralp Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
Hurol Yucel is promoted from Cook to Manager.
Hidayet Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 3038
Afitap Ozen is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
Eylem Ay is leaving from branch: Tuzla.
Igdemir Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ilgat Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilkcan Kose is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Total bonuses for the Cinar branch this month are: 2735
Asiye Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Derinkuyu branch is Felek Koc.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Gizmen Tuncer.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch are: 24785
Katmer Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kısmet Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdülalim Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazele Dede is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
Delal Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ikan Acar is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Total bonuses for the Yedisu branch are: 24051
Ebubekir Yasar is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
Jerfi Saglam is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
Fenni Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aydin Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ilgun Kaya is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
There is no such employee.
Bahanur Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Benan Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karsu Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Edra Sari is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
Durul Kuru is dismissed from branch: Darende.
Feza Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fenni Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
Melike Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kısmet Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hejmar Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Isa Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iknat Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aborkar Sari is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
Hayriye Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Berkan Yasar is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
Cavlan Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
Canel Karakas is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
Fenni Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Lice branch are: 23828
Aleyna Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pursaklar branch are: 24155
Ebrak Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgi Genc is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mamak branch this month are: 338
There is no such employee.
Jinmir Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Lice branch this month are: 171
Manager of the Fatih branch is Idris Uzun.
Kayra Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
Gencal Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadra Gunes is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Erinç Akpinar.
Donat Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ferhunde Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dirlik Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sereflikochisar branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 216
Bahtiser Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erendil Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahur Gunes is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Hafize Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Cannur Ozdemir.
Dilbirin Tekin is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cilvekar Genc is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jeyan Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abadan Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fer Karakas is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
Gokay Cicek is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Karin Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayberk Erkan is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
Melodi Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Habide Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Girin Ipek is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
There is no such employee.
Ihlamur Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cankat Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bahise Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Birmen Saglam is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Gedik Mengi is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
Karya Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canal Guler is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Başak Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
Karmen Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kulp branch are: 28032
Bahise Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fidan Sari is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
Edahses Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hadis Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Levin Kaya is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
Hafize Arslan is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
Ertunga Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gilyas Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Afet Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
Elanaz Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Canfeza Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dijdar Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Cubuk branch this month are: 462
Kader Oz is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
Total bonuses for the Cesme branch this month are: 808
Mayra Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Afet Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edayi Gunes is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
Etkin Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Darende branch is Merzuka Ucar.
Kaila/Kayla Ay is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
Total bonuses for the Kestel branch are: 21085
Fikrettin Nas is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Kafiye Mengi.
There is no such employee.
Canela Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazale Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ilbey Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lavinya Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
There is no such employee.
Figen Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ecir Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Kalender Ucar is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Burak Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jale Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lavinya Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fuad Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gale Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ildem Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kaniye Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Etfal Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Enhar Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Lice.
Germa Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Adalet Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eti Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
There is no such employee.
Donat Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferdi Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Ildir Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canperver Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berkay Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Ekin Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Cubuk branch is Fakihe Kocak.
Bahtiser Koc is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Fermande Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayberk Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferda Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Osmangazi branch is Kader Sari.
Gizem Sari is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Dayehatun Kose is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Bozdemir Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isfendiyar Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanbeğendi Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
Alara Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
Ferdi Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irak Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Ecegül Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Dilbirin Aydin.
Kainat Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Madelet Oz is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulrezzak Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Halas Arslan is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
Fer Polat is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
Doğannur Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgar Akbas is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Ganimet Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Husam Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Keriman Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 1029
Lavin Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ilcan Temel is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
There is no such employee.
Jefi Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fercan Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadis Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Erdem Gul is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
Kaila/Kayla Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 613
Abbad Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Daltekin Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lebibe Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haveri Sahin is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Janset Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Halilullah Balta is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalbaş Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 711
There is no such employee.
Dirim Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilhami Alp is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
Cannur Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balkiz Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fariha Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Idris Polat is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Hikmet Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
Figen Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canaş Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ibrahim Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Firuze Cicek is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
Jengar Gunay is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Asiye Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Benan Seker is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Gerçek Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Ecrin Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balin Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gizmen Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ihvan Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hazal Oz is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Total bonuses for the Derinkuyu branch are: 22303
Manager of the Yedisu branch is Davud Ay.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch are: 23513
Cezmiye Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jergar Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ihsan Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
Irmak Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
Kader Arslan is dismissed from branch: Keles.
There is no such employee.
Etfal Balta is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
Mahibe Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dirok Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sile branch is Aykut Ozen.
Iyiturk Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
Darin Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dalan Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bangu Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Etkin Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cilvekar Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayaz Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Bagcilar branch are: 24109
Total bonuses for the Keban branch this month are: 1217
Ekmeleddin Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
Harika Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilbirin Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Cankat Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jaledar Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jilda Er is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kainat Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Abakay Aygun is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 501
Deran Nas is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch are: 23956
İlayda Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hüdaverdi Erturk is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
Gihev Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Eylem Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Asiye Tekin is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Leman Uzun is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Bahtiyar Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Adalan Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ihvan Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Araban branch are: 25262
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 844
Hadra Akbas is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
Fıda Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylan Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jaledar Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 1407
Lerze Ari is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
Ecem Oz is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Mahru Kilicarslan.
Kamer Balta is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Ilcan Temel is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 663
Feyza Alp is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
Basim Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
Iyiturk Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Celile Kuru is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Dilbirin Aydin.
Jale Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahsure Guler is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Delice Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bera Alp is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jinmir Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İkbal Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gale Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalbaş Ay is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
Belgin Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Acigol branch is Fatma Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Daime Ozdemir.
Iras Taskin is leaving from branch: Solhan.
Hulki Uzun is promoted from Cook to Manager.
There is no such employee.
Gencay Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Halilullah Arslan is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
Burak Gunes is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
Ilgaz Elmas is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
There is no such employee.
Fadime Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Ebrak Erkan is promoted from Cook to Manager.
Devrim Kilic is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Gece Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jutenya Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceydanur Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Lİna Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch are: 25239
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch are: 25239
There is no such employee.
Berkay Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch are: 25608
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 1500
Ekber Uzun is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
Derem Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Janset Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ganime Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 1251
There is no such employee.
Gazi Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Darende branch are: 22420
Mecide Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamis Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Dilfeza Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ergin Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdoğan Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balkin Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faysal Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Felek Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Orhaneli branch is Fadime Aydin.
Benan Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gıyas Sahin is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Iris Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 1526
Cemresu Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Fatih branch is Idris Uzun.
There is no such employee.
İlayda Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahtiyar Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canane Er is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Karaca Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cavide Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Etfal Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadıla Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceydasu Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Celile Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Meserret Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Canela Kaya is dismissed from branch: Darende.
There is no such employee.
Karmen Avci is dismissed from branch: Darende.
Lema Aydin is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Bahariye Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Harika Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Mahrem Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
Manager of the Lice branch is Karya Aydemir.
Göçer Cicek is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Furkan Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cemalnur Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Banu Aytac is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
Ilham Duran is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
Başak Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bediz Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
There is no such employee.
Abdulkadir Taskin is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Deli Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 1677
Birmen Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erendiz Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
Jarin Aytac is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
Fecri Polat is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
Manager of the Sereflikochisar branch is Hincal Toprak.
Fatih Koc is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Enhar Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
There is no such employee.
Berat Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahmure Kara is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
Cannur Senol is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Ecir Kilic is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
Gelincik Karahan is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 1777
Esmeray Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kaniye Taskin is dismissed from branch: Tire.
Total bonuses for the Orhaneli branch this month are: 1260
Mahrume Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 2540
Eti Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Galibe Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Keriman Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lavanta Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mesudane Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cilvekar Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demir Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch are: 22444
There is no such employee.
Maide Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erendil Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Istemihan Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
Demiralp Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kulp branch this month are: 1523
Habil Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derman Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 1178
There is no such employee.
Gazel Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
Kamelya Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
Maya Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erk Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jenin Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazal Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derem Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ayfer Gul is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
Erensu Sahin is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 2988
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch this month are: 1189
Furkan Polat is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Faika Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karakız Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Cahide Kuru is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Candan Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Beha Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Manager of the Cigli branch is Evin Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Erinç Akpinar.
Kayla Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bilal Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilcan Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sariyer branch is Fadile Demirci.
Ihsan Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hediye Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İkbal Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karya Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
Hurel Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayberk Sari is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
Deryab Gul is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Manager of the Sahinbey branch is Fidan Ay.
There is no such employee.
Germa Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayberk Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faysal Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ildem Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Beypazari branch this month are: 1821
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch are: 26857
There is no such employee.
Hakikat Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sariyer branch is Fadile Demirci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hidayet Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Emel Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Elanaz Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdoğan Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Hadra Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Etkin Aygun is dismissed from branch: Keles.
There is no such employee.
Dalım Toprak is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Mamure Erkan is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
Eceseren Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdal Aygun is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
Fariha Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Dirlik Arslan is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Ekin Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
Garabed Ay is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
There is no such employee.
Huri Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylak Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Araban branch is Canel Aydemir.
Gewez Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Funda Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Keles branch are: 29076
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacil Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Diclehatun Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kahya Erturk is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Devrim Aydin is dismissed from branch: Tire.
Mediha Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
Total bonuses for the Beypazari branch this month are: 2018
Bergen Akbas is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Daristan Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Durukan Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Firuze Gunay is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
Himmet Demir is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Ecegül Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bagatur Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fena Kocak is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
Total bonuses for the Battalgazi branch this month are: 3016
Gencal Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fermande Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fikrettin Senol is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Harika Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 2938
There is no such employee.
Hacer Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Akyurt branch this month are: 2247
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 2938
Habil Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gezgin Ipek is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Hades Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Daya Mert is dismissed from branch: Lice.
Letafet Demirci is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
Mayra Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Can Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aborkar Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
There is no such employee.
Aydemir Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eğmen Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bergen Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekenel Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kamile Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lara Kaya is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
Jilda Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
Habil Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Lamia Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hakim Ozen is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
Kadime Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kaymak Seker is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Bahamra Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jinmir Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferhan Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gayret Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Delfin Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ilci Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 2464
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 2258
There is no such employee.
Kardan Cicek is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jilda Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Habide Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamer Demir is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Bahamra Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdoğan Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erna Kocak is dismissed from branch: Keles.
Göçer Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Dogansehir branch is Levin Oz.
Belgi Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ecehan Temel is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Abakay Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebecen Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
Demir Balta is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
Acarbey Toprak is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Total bonuses for the Araban branch this month are: 2042
Ebed Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bala Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baldemir Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Beha Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gerçek Sahin is dismissed from branch: Darende.
There is no such employee.
Ertan Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Firuze Cicek is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
Mahinur Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Hacibektas branch are: 23211
Halim Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Füreyya Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
Ecehan Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Canperver Aygun is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 2902
Başak Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavinya Aksu is dismissed from branch: Keles.
Iraz Saglam is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
Dalbaş Tekin is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Beliz Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feridun Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irtek Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgaz Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sehitkamil branch this month are: 2248
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 3205
Edaay Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Konak.
Ecenaz Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahiye Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Egealp Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbas Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fıda Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eğilmez Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Birsoy Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 2569
Karina Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
Ilbay Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abbase Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Destan Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
There is no such employee.
Gazire Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecebay Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokay Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Esmeray Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Destecan Uzun is dismissed from branch: Darende.
Fulya Demirci is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
Asli Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abbad Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ediz Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karina Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
İkbal Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Başağa Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Evrensel Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiser Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dehan Koc is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Elvan Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Total bonuses for the Akyurt branch this month are: 2417
Manager of the Kagithane branch is Erkinay Cetin.
Elmira Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch are: 27231
Kalender Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abakay Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Mahur Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Inanna Nas is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
Ferah Yigit is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
Destecan Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Deli Genc is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Idris Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Araban branch are: 26348
There is no such employee.
Dalbaş Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Demirbilek Yuksel.
Total bonuses for the Pursaklar branch this month are: 2920
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kaymak Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
Katre Karakas is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Karsel Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
There is no such employee.
Diba Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Azmi Mert is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
Felek Temel is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
Egealp Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kayansel Gunes is dismissed from branch: Keles.
Total bonuses for the Cinar branch are: 22755
Dayehatun Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Levin Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Celvetiye Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahperi Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferhan Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Mahmure Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gayret Akbas is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
Abad Mert is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Behçet Kose is dismissed from branch: Konak.
Acer Kaya is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
Funda Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
Afet Duran is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aysun Gunes is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Total bonuses for the Pursaklar branch this month are: 3112
Ajda Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadile Cetin is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
Total bonuses for the Mamak branch this month are: 2673
Kaniye Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farika Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berat Gunes is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Ilgi Toker is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch are: 23921
There is no such employee.
Jutenya Kilic is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
Hamra Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 3568
Manager of the Elmadag branch is Hurol Yucel.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch are: 24326
Kezban Kara is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
Manager of the Kagithane branch is Erkinay Cetin.
Doruk Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Karadut Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
Abdulhamit Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Aykut Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Canay Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kayra Cetin is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Leyla Gunes.
Acer Erturk is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
Fakirullah Genc is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cinar branch this month are: 3126
Dilay Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Letafet Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Kuluncak branch is Gezer Duran.
Total bonuses for the Orhaneli branch this month are: 3200
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 3019
There is no such employee.
Bozdemir Cicek is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Total bonuses for the Darende branch this month are: 3170
Total bonuses for the Keban branch this month are: 3596
Jeyan Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
There is no such employee.
Mecide Sarac is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 2674
Daltekin Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahtiyar Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Cahide Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karakız Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Araban branch this month are: 2952
Manager of the Pursaklar branch is Gani Durmaz.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch are: 29324
Derem Gunay is dismissed from branch: Keban.
Ildiz Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faika Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Beypazari branch this month are: 2916
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 4073
There is no such employee.
Mahur Genc is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
Iras Guler is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
Aygen Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Katre Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazire Kocak is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch are: 28266
Derince Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mesudane Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farika Sarac is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
Hurel Yasar is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Katmer Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Doğannur Toker is dismissed from branch: Lice.
Ekmeleddin Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
İkbal Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
Bala Gunay is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Dehan Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahar Cicek is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
Hatunana Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karin Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Azad Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Keban branch this month are: 3596
Canay Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kestel branch this month are: 3339
Canel Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Balkiz Demir is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edra Aygun is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Canalp Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Karmen Kilic.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Inanna Yigit.
Mahzure Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Behçet Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Keban.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Ebed Kucuk.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 3846
Hadis Mengi is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
Hakikat Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 4270
There is no such employee.
Bahariye Kara is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
Gihev Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Adalet Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
Faysal Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gezgin Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aylin Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
Karaca Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mecide Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 3176
Hilmi Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mediha Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Keles.
Abdulkadir Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbay Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gelincik Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abak Toprak is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
Dorukhan Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mesudane Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
Deryab Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Alev Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
Damra Arslan is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazel Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Haluk Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faris Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
Manager of the Yazihan branch is Hamza Karahan.
Haveri Kilic is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Edra Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bala Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jilda Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch are: 25968
Fakihe Kocak is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
Damla Alkan is promoted from Cook to Manager.
Gilyas Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Araban.
Fermande Aytac is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Canaş Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erkut Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ertan Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
Leman Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
Falaz Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahiye Genc is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
Fenni Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
There is no such employee.
Ergin Mengi is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Jehat Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kadire Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bozdemir Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hilmi Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Deran Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch are: 27456
There is no such employee.
Gencal Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erkinay Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
Gazel Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacil Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdoğan Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Jaledar Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
Felit Aslan is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
Kardan Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kader Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fakri Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edebali Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
Manager of the Battalgazi branch is Halim Yilmaz.
Insel Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dahiye Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hejmar Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fırtına Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
Delice Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Eyşan Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Total bonuses for the Mamak branch are: 26312
Ferhat Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Caneda Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 2807
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 4419
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch are: 28583
Fadik Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
Farise Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fena Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadis Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Celile Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
Halilullah Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Basim Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Beliz Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
Ferdi Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Huriye Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erna Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Battalgazi branch this month are: 4926
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isinsoy Karahan is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
Asiye Toprak is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
Daltekin Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canperver Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 4242
Egezade Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch are: 29539
Efdal Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 6292
Acem Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aysun Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fikret Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Fatih branch is Idris Uzun.
Hafız Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 4072
Bahtiyar Oz is dismissed from branch: Lice.
Madelet Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jinsal Ari is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Ecegül Seker is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 4724
Loya Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hatice Duran is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
Total bonuses for the Pursaklar branch this month are: 4069
There is no such employee.
Gazale Karahan is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
Erdenay Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edahses Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Deryanur Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
Hanif Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Celile Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Huray Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berkay Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Larissa Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belgin Ozen is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Lerzan Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilfeza Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Itri Kose is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
Berat Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dal Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dehan Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Delal Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
Filinta Elmas is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
There is no such employee.
Isa Saglam is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
Mamure Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ilcan Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aysu Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadim Ucar is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Ifakat Guler is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Ilkcan Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Damra Aygun is dismissed from branch: Darende.
Felat Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahriye Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamelya Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Yazihan branch is Hamza Karahan.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yazihan branch is Hamza Karahan.
Durul Toprak is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
Ganime Sarac is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
İdil Guler is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
Bergen Karakas is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Ferruh Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Azmi Aslan is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
Kafiye Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Burç Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fahir Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Bahamra Nas.
Mahrem Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Efdal Aktas is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Darende branch is Merzuka Ucar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahinur Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
Fermani Cetin is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
Mahfer Balta is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Firdevsi Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ejder Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faris Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hincal Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canan Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferda Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Göçmen Kaya is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demir Sahin is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
Gezgin Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecem Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kardelen Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadim Mengi is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
Iknat Tekin is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Levzi Akbas is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
Bahanur Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Faize Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Burç Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Harika Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Karanfil Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahise Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yedisu branch is Davud Ay.
Ajda Gunes is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
There is no such employee.
Layike Avci is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Darcan Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dirim Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Jinmir Polat is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
Gazel Yucel is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
Esmeray Guler is dismissed from branch: Darende.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebubekir Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faide Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gediz Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Levin Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Faris Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dogansehir branch is Levin Oz.
There is no such employee.
Evin Gunes is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Canece Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Mahfer Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dünya Toker is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Fadime Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demirezen Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahriye Aytac is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Canfeda Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baran Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hursit Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dilkeste Kara is dismissed from branch: Keles.
Emel Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Manager of the Evren branch is Ihya Cetin.
There is no such employee.
Doğannur Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 558
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fermani Toprak is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
There is no such employee.
Mahru Yigit is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beypazari branch is Isinkan Senol.
There is no such employee.
Huriye Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fuzuli Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Gerçek Avci is dismissed from branch: Keles.
İdil Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bartu Kocak is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
Keriman Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Ecevit Ozturk.
There is no such employee.
Ferhunde Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jerfi Kara is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
Deha Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Erendiz Kose.
Fariha Aksu is leaving from branch: Buyukorhan.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 724
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenler branch is Derem Acar.
There is no such employee.
Erksin Toprak is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Bengi Tekin is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
Jarin Elmas is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
Ferzin Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tire branch is Elacık Elmas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamide Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hamit Gunay is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
There is no such employee.
Eğmen Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Aysel Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gevher Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elacık Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ira Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kavin Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahrur Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgaz Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Belgi Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Meserret Durmaz.
Bagatur Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kestel branch this month are: 983
Ermiye Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
Jinmir Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Hulki Uzun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayhan Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İlkben Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
Lal Duran is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Faruk Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eğilmez Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Laylank Er is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mamak branch this month are: 1501
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Atilgan Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Eti Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
Fazilet Gunes is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Total bonuses for the Sereflikochisar branch are: 27898
Ayhan Seker is dismissed from branch: Araban.
There is no such employee.
Geray Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Torbali branch is Delistan Ozdemir.
Bilal Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 852
Ilgi Balta is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
Dalım Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
Faize Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilhami Gunay is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kezban Dede is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
Efdal Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aydonat Sahin is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Handan Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Galip Tekin is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Erendiz Kose.
Leyla Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sehitkamil branch is Farika Oz.
Abbas Gul is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Erdem Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edebali Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canel Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gogen Alkan is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
Evrensel Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dirok Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karin Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faruk Aktas is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
Etkin Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başar Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Ece Guler.
Ebecen Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Eyşan Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Ediz Ay is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
Ferhan Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eceseren Ari is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Hilal Alp.
There is no such employee.
Aba Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kahya Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aber Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Filinta Saglam is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Dilferah Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hayat Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Karadut Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aydin Toprak is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
Leylüfer Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatih Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Lice.
Jade Toker is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
There is no such employee.
Janset Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Fatih branch is Idris Uzun.
Ebrar Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jalenur Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Havle Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lal Gul is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Medar Aktas is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
There is no such employee.
Mamure Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilmi Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aygül Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eftal Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceydasu Senol is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
Kamer Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dildan Toker is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aborkar Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Faize Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Yesilyurt branch is Loya Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazh Avci is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Cenah Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahfer Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Berat Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Debernuş Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demirezen Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Firdevsi Er is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
There is no such employee.
Hakikat Gunes is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
Huriye Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Basim Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahrume Sahin is leaving from branch: Kartal.
Geray Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahanur Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dehna Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kadriye Cetin is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Kadriye Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faika Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
Kamuran Erkan is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
There is no such employee.
Jilda Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ishak Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baldemir Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
There is no such employee.
Falaz Aydin is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
There is no such employee.
Fatoş Saglam is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
Bahise Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fazil Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leyan Erturk is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
Lamiha Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eser Toprak is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
Faika Avci is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baldemir Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazire Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Berk Celik is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
Jutenya Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
Levin Gunes is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Kayla Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
Filinta Uzun is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hediye Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lara Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ikram Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Gogen Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jefi Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Ilcan Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamiyet Tekin is dismissed from branch: Keban.
Eser Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
Abbas Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Destan Aslan.
Irsad Acar is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Ekin Dede is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Bakiye Celik is dismissed from branch: Araban.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sahinbey branch is Fidan Ay.
Havin Ucar is leaving from branch: Sereflikochisar.
Karsu Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Meriç Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Izgutay Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dafne Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fakihe Aytac is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cavide Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Delice Aktas is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
Faika Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Atilla Mert is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
Fecir Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hikmet Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
Katun Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
Benan Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Hakim Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Manager of the Yedisu branch is Davud Ay.
There is no such employee.
Felat Sahin is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berkan Erturk is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
Erendil Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fecir Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Jarin Gunes is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
There is no such employee.
Hafize Aslan is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Abak Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fuzuli Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Farika Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Manager of the Pursaklar branch is Gani Durmaz.
Ergin Polat is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keban branch this month are: 2091
Havva Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
There is no such employee.
Gaye Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
Duran Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sehitkamil branch this month are: 1311
Erdibike Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iyiturk Senol is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Havva Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Ebyar Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Caneda Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lebibe Er is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Göçmen Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dorukhan Gunes is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
Irmak Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
Gazel Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Azmi Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abaza Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haveri Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihvan Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilsozi Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ebecen Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Cubuk branch is Damla Alkan.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Bahamra Nas.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sereflikochisar branch is Hincal Toprak.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 2321
Farise Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Darende branch is Merzuka Ucar.
Hanife Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Mahbube Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
Manager of the Tire branch is Elacık Elmas.
Deran Kocak is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Canhanım Ay is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eren Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
Hulusi Kilic is dismissed from branch: Araban.
Jutenya Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
Hamdullah Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbilge Toprak is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Mahrume Acar is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abad Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Ecrin Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gezgin Guler is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
Göçmen Guler is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gayret Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokalp Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
Cenah Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ishak Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Araban.
There is no such employee.
Faruk Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Berk Ucar is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
Bala Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
Halide Aytac is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
Eti Aytac is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
There is no such employee.
Mahiye Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahire Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
Abaza Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahrem Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Canan Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilaver Kose is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kestel branch is Fevzi Saglam.
Hafize Mert is dismissed from branch: Araban.
Derin Karahan is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Ferruh Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Keles branch is Balin Durmaz.
Firdevsi Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Felek Erkan.
Azad Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Haki Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
Maide Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iyiturk Erkan is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
There is no such employee.
Fecri Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Leyla Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 2268
Irtek Taskin is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Merze Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
Manager of the Adakli branch is Cankut Erkan.
There is no such employee.
Gezgin Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 3451
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Hilal Alp.
Acer Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kadife Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
Edhem Aydin is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Hamide Temel.
Hiram Guler is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
Azad Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulkadir Ari is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
Hazal Cicek is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
Manager of the Sereflikochisar branch is Hincal Toprak.
Baskın Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
Kayla Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Benay Seker is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Faide Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Halilullah Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jade Tekin is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Can Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Jutenya Ipek is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
There is no such employee.
Jerfi Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lerzan Polat is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
Gewez Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ganime Demir is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
Makbule Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kamelya Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canan Arslan is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fitnat Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Keriman Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cenah Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulhamit Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Keban.
Birol Polat is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
There is no such employee.
Kaniye Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Huriye Alkan is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Karmen Kilic.
There is no such employee.
Canela Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aysun Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanife Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Başağa Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylim Demirci is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
Hasibe Avci is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
Manager of the Elmadag branch is Hurol Yucel.
Kamer Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fuad Sarac is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
Keriman Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Lice.
There is no such employee.
Irmak Polat is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Ayberk Ucar is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Manager of the Golbasi branch is Gokberk Karahan.
Halim Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berkay Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahtiser Aydin is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habil Karakas is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Deryab Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lalin Gul is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
Balca Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fecir Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hidayet Aksu is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
Canfeza Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Dilemma Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Asiye Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Lice.
Ebrar Acar is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
Gokberk Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadik Karahan is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
Manager of the Sile branch is Aykut Ozen.
Abakay Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abat Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Bengi Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hasbek Gunes is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
There is no such employee.
Eylem Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mayra Karahan is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
Hejmar Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lebibe Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
Layike Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hulki Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cenah Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
Filizer Aydin is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazi Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatmanur Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Evgin Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
Hacer Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilay Mert is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
Burç Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilal Alp is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Canfeza Toprak is promoted from Cook to Manager.
Fakihe Tekin is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
Balkoç Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abuşka Kuru is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
Hurol Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadile Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kayla Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Araban branch this month are: 3624
Erksin Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Igdemir Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faika Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fecri Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aydonat Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Kısmet Gunay is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Devrim Dag is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Destan Aslan.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Inanna Yigit.
Ecenaz Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
Dalsar Tekin is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Cannur Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kardelen Er is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Girin Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eyşan Toprak is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
Mahrur Arslan is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
Bahiye Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanbeğendi Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Janbek Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Maya Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Cesme branch is Dehan Acar.
Ganime Seker is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Gokalp Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faika Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahru Elmas is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
Ceren Aktas is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Habil Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Orhaneli branch is Fadime Aydin.
Abadın Mert is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Fena Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Girgin Koc is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
Ildiz Polat is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Benay Tekin is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
Dehna Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Acigol branch this month are: 3219
Husamettin Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
Hurol Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
There is no such employee.
Hatunana Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Behçet Er is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Hayat Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgaz Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aylin Genc is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Fazilet Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Tire.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karen Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Janset Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lamiye Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fakirullah Koc is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
Dilsozi Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Elbek Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ezra Acar is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
Aber Erturk is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Belde Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Acigol branch this month are: 3219
Manager of the Menemen branch is Ilaydin Erturk.
Total bonuses for the Cinar branch this month are: 3833
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayansel Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irsat Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gece Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fulya Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kaniye Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mefharet Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fuad Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lerzan Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Habib Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadice Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eylem Gunes is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
Ilgun Cicek is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Dilfeza Guler is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
Canalp Kuru is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Bahriye Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lebriz Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Eyşan Alp is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fakri Cicek is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Baharnaz Gunay is dismissed from branch: Araban.
There is no such employee.
Ilgar Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Felin Dede is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
Abad Polat is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
Meral Arslan is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Bahamra Nas.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Cenah Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Ece Guler.
There is no such employee.
Gazale Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Behçet Yasar is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Leylüfer Tekin is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Hayat Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Farika Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Acarbike Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferhat Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karakız Cicek is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Fercan Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilay Koc is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Mamure Aytac is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Bahamra Nas.
There is no such employee.
Darin Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
Jasmin Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamiyet Erkan is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
Delistan Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyla Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ejder Demirci is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aysel Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ildir Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karsu Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hazal Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hacil Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Maide Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebrak Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ecem Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Giram Demirci is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Gezer Yigit is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Burak Seker is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
Aytunç Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Keban.
Girgin Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahperi Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kevser Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Melike Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Lice.
There is no such employee.
Doğannur Balta is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Felit Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aydin Avci is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
Acarbey Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acer Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Birsoy Sarac is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
Aygül Sari is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
There is no such employee.
Katun Polat is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
Behin Akbas is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Başak Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jilda Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gıyas Sarac is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
Emetullah Mert is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Eyşan Toprak is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
There is no such employee.
Birol Gunes is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Total bonuses for the Derinkuyu branch this month are: 3145
There is no such employee.
Leylak Mengi is dismissed from branch: Darende.
Hurol Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lebriz Genc is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
Hiram Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kadire Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delistan Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Evren branch is Ihya Cetin.
Heper Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ihsan Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekim Gunes is dismissed from branch: Darende.
Emel Kocak is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Aba Karahan.
There is no such employee.
Hattat Balta is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Egezade Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Habib Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Daristan Balta is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dehan Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Felek Erkan.
Firdevsi Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
Mahmude Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Demirbilek Yuksel.
There is no such employee.
Jade Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isfendiyar Erkan is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
There is no such employee.
Gece Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Inanna Yigit.
There is no such employee.
Ayhan Erturk is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
İclal Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bartu Uzun is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
Isinsoy Aygun is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecmel Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
Canel Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kuluncak branch is Gezer Duran.
Karakız Guler is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Gokben Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
Felit Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferruh Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalya Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Adile Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamaset Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ergin Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ledeyna Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aysel Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karya Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalbaş Elmas is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
Itri Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gale Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fermani Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dal Dede is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
Faysal Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Izzettin Cicek is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Gihev Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecmel Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Canhanım Gunay is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
Izgutay Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derman Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Dilfigar Senol.
Keriman Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cezlan Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Izzettin Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Havin Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Cannur Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Egealp Kocak is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Ferda Dag is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Cezire Genc is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cazibe Arslan is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
Inanna Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Mahfer Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hanbeğendi Koc is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
There is no such employee.
Lalin Demir is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
There is no such employee.
Janbek Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Egezade Nas is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fekahet Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
Evgin Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jale Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dogansehir branch is Levin Oz.
There is no such employee.
Derin Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fehim Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamelya Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canfeza Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Keban.
Balin Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fırat Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Erendiz Kose.
Kayra Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazal Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Meriç Temel is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Berkay Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bediz Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fenniye Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aydin Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Keles.
Kayla Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hakgüzar Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eceseren Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahmure Ipek is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Firdevsi Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Delfin Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
Layza Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Fadime Ipek is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
Levzi Alp is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Bahar Gunes is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
Huray Aydin is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Gilyas Aslan is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Ertan Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
There is no such employee.
Ilgat Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Karmen Kilic.
Manager of the Kagithane branch is Erkinay Cetin.
Eren Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
Cenah Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Himmet Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilcan Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Mahzure Kilicaslan.
Filizer Saglam is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
There is no such employee.
Karen Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
Medar Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Atilgan Dede is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
Barbaros Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Garabed Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulhamit Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Birmen Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgaz Sari is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Ediz Polat is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
Acarhatun Cicek is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Belemir Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ferid Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilaydin Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdullah Uzun is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
Erdenay Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Asiye Alkan is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
Ilbay Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Mahsure Taskin is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 5915
There is no such employee.
Mahzure Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Kulp branch is Derin Seker.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Hamide Temel.
Leman Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abbas Temel is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
Halim Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karanfil Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bakanay Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hulki Koc is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Huriye Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fuad Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
Manager of the Lice branch is Karya Aydemir.
Kader Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karya Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derya Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Keles.
Lerzan Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
Jefi Sarac is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
Loya Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Himmet Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
Figen Tekin is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aydemir Aytac is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
Gazele Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fariha Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kayansel Ari is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Karanfil Taskin is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
Lamiha Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakay Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
Dorukhan Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Erinç Akpinar.
Irmak Mert is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
Jilda Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Buyukorhan branch is Benan Toprak.
There is no such employee.
Acer Kilic is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Gani Genc is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
Gazal Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Buyukorhan branch this month are: 4322
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Kafiye Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canaş Aytac is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
There is no such employee.
Hanzala Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cavlan Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abduş Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halilullah Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bartu Akbas is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahir Dede is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Azad Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Canaş Erkan.
Manager of the Araban branch is Canel Aydemir.
Heper Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilfigar Avci is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
Dildan Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sehitkamil branch is Farika Oz.
Irsat Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belgi Aydin is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Mahire Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fahir Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokalp Alp is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Daime Ozdemir.
Atilgan Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Laylank Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jeyan Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ertunga Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erendil Celik is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Erendil Oz is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
Garabed Er is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Belgin Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Daim Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aba Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lebibe Duran is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karadut Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fahri Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aybars Yigit is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
Canaş Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
Keriman Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Felat Taskin is dismissed from branch: Darende.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekber Cicek is dismissed from branch: Konak.
Banu Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abad Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fazh Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
Dalım Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fermande Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ajda Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Felit Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hazan Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch are: 30797
Harika Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
Baldemir Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
Ildir Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazele Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hale Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faika Yigit is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Ebrar Demir is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgaz Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cavide Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
Abad Demir is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Katun Erturk is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
Bakanay Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Erdibike Guler is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Total bonuses for the Bahcelievler branch this month are: 440
Cezire Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Havle Dag is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eser Aktas is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
Ihlamur Aytac is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
Canfeda Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
Gece Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
Gazi Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jinsal Ipek is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
Arzu Senol is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
Bahariye Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Cubuk branch this month are: 272
Manager of the Fatih branch is Idris Uzun.
There is no such employee.
Karmen Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fikri Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Larissa Tekin is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
Ecrin Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Bengi Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Meserret Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
Leyla Seker is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 333
Melike Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Konak.
Total bonuses for the Sereflikochisar branch this month are: 377
There is no such employee.
Ayvaz Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Belgi Polat is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
Ecir Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 156
Leyla Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferzin Koc is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Manager of the Battalgazi branch is Halim Yilmaz.
Hacil Aytac is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elacık Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Handan Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Halilullah Ucar is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Enginsel Senol is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
There is no such employee.
Eyşan Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Keriman Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukorhan branch this month are: 451
There is no such employee.
Gedik Balta is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 378
Ikan Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ersevim Temel is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Total bonuses for the Pursaklar branch this month are: 512
Manager of the Araban branch is Canel Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 480
İdil Ari is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
There is no such employee.
Abendam Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lamia Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Larasu Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
Alev Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hades Dag is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Keriman Avci is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Ishak Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dirok Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hediye Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahtiyar Erturk is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 233
Galibe Kuru is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
Acarbike Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Maya Uzun is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eceseren Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahamra Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cansel Aksu is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Leylan Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Leyla Ucar is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lara Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
Delistan Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
Ledeyna Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canane Karakas is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Total bonuses for the Orhaneli branch this month are: 664
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dayahatun Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
Mahfer Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canfeza Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Aysu Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahiye Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferzin Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Davud Akbas is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
Ishak Cetin is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
Cahide Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
Beliz Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iraz Kara is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
Adalet Celik is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keles branch this month are: 541
There is no such employee.
Doruk Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hacil Nas is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
Maya Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edayi Kuru is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Aba Karahan.
Ferhat Aygun is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 741
Ilham Genc is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farah Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
Gevher Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lavin Ay is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
Mahbube Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gedik Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kader Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jinmir Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahire Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abakay Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Izgutay Alp is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Dilfigar Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Filiz Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Alev Oz is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Ecevit Ozturk.
There is no such employee.
Kamelya Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Esennur Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Abay Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fariha Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Beha Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irsad Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
Erim Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 710
Gıyas Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Hacı Aslan is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 642
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acunalp Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bagatur Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadil Yigit is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
Leyla Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
Gaffar Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irtek Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 561
There is no such employee.
Hilmi Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 1122
Kadriye Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hale Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 794
There is no such employee.
Dirlik Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Izgutay Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
Girgin Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Iras Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lamiye Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Lamiye Aygun is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Fenniye Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
Leyla Kilic is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 715
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sehitkamil branch this month are: 774
Dilsafa Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belde Saglam is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
Isinsoy Guler is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erna Sahin is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
Gokberk Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Fatmanur Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Funda Sahin is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
There is no such employee.
Mamure Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edgü Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dijdar Dede is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
There is no such employee.
Faize Ozen is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
Layike Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ersevim Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Firdevsi Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gaffar Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aysel Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Katun Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dorukhan Toprak is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erensu Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karaca Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
Girin Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahrem Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Makbule Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hulusi Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aybars Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aysun Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Halas Uzun is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 607
Abakay Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Dalım Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalım Nas is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fulya Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 1684
Total bonuses for the Yedisu branch this month are: 1322
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Ecevit Ozturk.
Cezire Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balca Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iyiturk Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cavlan Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hurol Kocak is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Latife Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbey Kaya is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
Aydemir Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Gezer Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faysal Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baharcan Taskin is leaving from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Loya Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elbek Sarac is dismissed from branch: Lice.
Beliz Gunes is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
Kardem Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Celile Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch are: 34764
Total bonuses for the Tire branch this month are: 1056
Manager of the Baglar branch is Kamer Guler.
Dayahatun Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Iras Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilferah Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
Kezban Er is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
Barut Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aber Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
İlayda Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
Balin Sari is dismissed from branch: Tire.
Maya Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Caneda Ozen is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch are: 34979
There is no such employee.
Hafız Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
Ebubekir Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derin Kocak is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 2034
Felek Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abendam Ucar is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Mahru Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Mahru Kilicarslan.
Fikrettin Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abak Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahrur Genc is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
Demirbilek Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cihanay Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Falaz Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Danyal Aktas is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
Ilcan Elmas is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
Kısmet Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gazi Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isfendiyar Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamis Gunay is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Fırtına Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Melodi Arslan is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 1325
Melike Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fuad Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Havle Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dayehatun Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erendiz Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fıda Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hamdullah Kaya is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
Canal Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Levzi Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch are: 37160
Kayansel Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Erdenay Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Evgin Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Firuze Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekim Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecesoy Toker is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
Faris Kuru is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İdil Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Tire.
Canhanım Senol is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
Kadife Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Konak branch is Gizmen Aksu.
Ekber Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
There is no such employee.
Mahfer Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bakinaz Seker is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Ecesoy Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gerçek Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leman Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecir Kara is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
Mahrem Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faris Toprak is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Kafiye Gul is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bilal Polat is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Dafne Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Akyurt branch this month are: 1721
Gaye Karahan is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Manager of the Keban branch is Dünya Acar.
Memduha Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cubuk branch this month are: 1146
There is no such employee.
Dahiye Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazel Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Hakan Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cahide Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edebali Kilic is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
Total bonuses for the Battalgazi branch this month are: 1575
There is no such employee.
İclal Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
Total bonuses for the Beypazari branch this month are: 1602
Kayla Kocak is leaving from branch: Kuluncak.
Mahrume Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 2092
Iknat Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Halide Ari is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
Erkut Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erk Taskin is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
Erk Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Basri Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
Gaffur Kara is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
İclal Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayla Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadil Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berkay Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isfendiyar Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lavinya Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Janset Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fıda Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Araban branch this month are: 2456
Feridun Kilic is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
There is no such employee.
Ferahfeza Aslan is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
Ediz Sarac is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Canaş Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch are: 33574
Ilaydin Toker is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
Jenin Saglam is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayvaz Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
Filiz Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Beha Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Katun Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilfeza Kose is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
There is no such employee.
Haluk Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deryanur Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aleyna Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
Abdulhamit Demir is dismissed from branch: Lice.
Jarin Ari is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
Gencay Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Mamak branch this month are: 1757
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cinar branch this month are: 1802
Ilgi Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sariyer branch is Fadile Demirci.
Ergin Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gezgin Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
Hanzala Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mesudane Toker is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
Behin Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gani Aydin is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 2285
Medar Alkan is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Gazire Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Lice branch is Karya Aydemir.
Ilham Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatine Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balca Avci is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Dilkeste Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ecem Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Bahar Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Lice branch this month are: 1561
Belen Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leman Kose is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kardan Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gogen Avci is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Bahamra Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kamelya Kuru is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
Layike Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Osmangazi branch this month are: 2436
There is no such employee.
Filizer Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dayahatun Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Golbasi branch is Gokberk Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derya Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fakirullah Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Mamure Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
Feridun Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faris Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gizmen Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Lara Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Latife Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
Acarhatun Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dafne Gunay is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
Emel Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demirbilek Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Acigol branch this month are: 3505
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Latife Kuru is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Galibe Yucel is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
Abbas Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hatunana Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Canalp Elmas is dismissed from branch: Darende.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 1894
Huriye Oz is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
Jade Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cubuk branch this month are: 1712
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 2422
There is no such employee.
Hayat Ipek is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Osmangazi branch this month are: 2752
Gani Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demirezen Yigit is leaving from branch: Bahcelievler.
Alev Erkan is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
Esved Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ildem Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
There is no such employee.
Canece Uzun is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
There is no such employee.
Haki Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ilkcan Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamis Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Açelya Kocak is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
There is no such employee.
Halef Saglam is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
Bediz Duran is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Meriç Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canal Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Donat Cetin is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Darcan Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Deli Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Meriç Demir is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Diclehatun Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dehan Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Derinkuyu branch is Felek Koc.
There is no such employee.
Leylim Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jale Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acunalp Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elbek Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hattat Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canfeza Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duran Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hidayet Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fırat Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayla Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aziz Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kevser Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dehan Kara is dismissed from branch: Keles.
There is no such employee.
Kafiye Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 2708
Belgin Alp is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch are: 36978
There is no such employee.
Baharcan Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deli Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kezban Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
Bartu Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balin Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Istemihan Kara is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
Janset Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Doğannur Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gani Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
Filinta Cetin is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
Total bonuses for the Derinkuyu branch this month are: 1986
There is no such employee.
Felat Mert is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yazihan branch is Hamza Karahan.
Ecenaz Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lalin Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
Fercan Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abdurrahman Er is dismissed from branch: Keban.
There is no such employee.
Kaymak Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lal Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Cezire Demirci is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Kafiye Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 2995
There is no such employee.
Halef Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 2518
Berke Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
Eti Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Mahru Kilicarslan.
There is no such employee.
Jarin Avci is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
Ayvaz Sarac is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
Canel Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lebibe Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duman Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Acarbike Aydin is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Daime Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazel Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Eftal Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Emetullah Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Can Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irak Avci is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bagcilar branch is Figen Aktas.
Faik Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Acunalp Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Battalgazi branch is Halim Yilmaz.
Hacil Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Garabed Aslan is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
Lamiye Ucar is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalbaş Avci is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
Manager of the Sile branch is Aykut Ozen.
Aysel Ay is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
Hikmet Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Göçmen Ari is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Katre Oz is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
Faide Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Esmeray Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Evin Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Huseyin Arslan is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
Hamiyet Karahan is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
Gediz Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delal Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilfiruz Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanbey Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Araban.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iras Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 2786
There is no such employee.
Isa Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Birsoy Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iras Gunay is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
Mediha Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Lice branch this month are: 2583
Dirok Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Demir Acar is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kuluncak branch is Gezer Duran.
Gale Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hakan Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
Cankat Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdulhamit Genc is dismissed from branch: Araban.
Inanna Alkan is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakay Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamile Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gani Ozen is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
Lİla Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
Abak Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hizir Avci is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
Durul Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Larissa Oz is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
Faide Dede is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faika Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hayal Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
Başağa Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hejmar Arslan is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
Bilal Kara is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Diba Tekin is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
Leyli Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halas Karakas is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
Canel Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fazh Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
Cihanay Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Araban branch this month are: 3774
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 3490
Dilemma Ucar is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
Mahire Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Destan Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haluk Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bakanay Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 4018
There is no such employee.
Jinsal Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ihlamur Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hasbek Saglam is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 3244
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahiye Demirci is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
Ferda Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edaay Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bakinaz Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dehan Aygun is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Hanife Polat is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Aytunç Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Torbali branch is Delistan Ozdemir.
Behçet Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belen Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
Manager of the Tire branch is Elacık Elmas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ildem Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fadime Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 2562
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Firuze Saglam is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
Ilgun Kara is dismissed from branch: Konak.
Janseli Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ecegül Er is dismissed from branch: Keban.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 3162
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 3462
Deryanur Uzun is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jiyan Kaya is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Haveri Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Lebibe Er is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
Danyal Alp is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
Abak Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Basim Yasar is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
There is no such employee.
Atilla Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Araban.
There is no such employee.
Aylin Acar is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 3101
Karya Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gezer Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berat Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Fatih branch is Idris Uzun.
There is no such employee.
Canela Balta is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
Dalbaş Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jehat Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eftal Kilic is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Acarbey Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavin Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abak Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 4424
Ceyhan Sari is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karanfil Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abadın Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Belgin Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Başağa Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baglar branch is Kamer Guler.
Mediha Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Abdal Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belen Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karaca Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balin Gunay is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
Ecegül Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abadın Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hikmet Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ecehan Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Habil Kuru is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Faris Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 4424
There is no such employee.
Leylifer Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jefi Toker is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
Karaca Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahmure Oz is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Edgü Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lamiye Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Yesilyurt branch this month are: 5081
Total bonuses for the Cesme branch this month are: 2815
Total bonuses for the Hacibektas branch this month are: 4120
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 4176
Abgun Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abak Mert is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Egezade Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
Cankut Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karina Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tire branch this month are: 3129
There is no such employee.
Adile Koc is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
Hulki Elmas is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Hacil Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Alara Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferruh Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karadut Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dirok Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sile branch is Aykut Ozen.
Fikri Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecrin Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Caneda Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Lal Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 3953
Farika Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhaneli branch is Fadime Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ildiz Senol is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Esved Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hejmar Er is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Gazel Saglam is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebubekir Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 3602
Cannur Saglam is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Fenniye Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Hakim Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bilal Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Felin Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derin Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cavide Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Filiz Cicek is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
Halide Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Habib Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Akyurt branch is Lİna Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
Fahir Seker is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
Aytunç Yucel is dismissed from branch: Keles.
Fercan Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aleyna Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feleytun Aktas is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
Leylan Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch are: 34829
Cezire Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Dilbirin Aydin.
There is no such employee.
Aytunç Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Ayvaz Akpinar.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch are: 39295
Kardem Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gencay Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Huseyin Aslan is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
Dehan Sarac is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
Ayvaz Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Egealp Dag is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
Aynur Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Katmer Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Debernuş Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hasbek Erturk is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
Canece Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
Abuşka Genc is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
Dalya Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazele Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Ecevit Ozturk.
Canel Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Azad Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Felek Erkan.
Mahsure Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irmak Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
Fikrettin Alp is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
Abdurrahman Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fer Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgun Er is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farik Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Halas Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lamiha Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Kevser Genc.
There is no such employee.
Daim Balta is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
Mahzure Aytac is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
There is no such employee.
Berkay Aydin is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
Hilal Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ergin Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecegül Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ferhunde Celik is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
There is no such employee.
Dalince Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Beha Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habibullah Duran is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
Cihanay Er is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
Erendil Koc is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Total bonuses for the Bahcelievler branch are: 37016
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cezmiye Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Gazi Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
Alev Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
Funda Yucel is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayla Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lamia Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
Lerze Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eti Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch are: 32617
There is no such employee.
Dilfiruz Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erksin Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Levzi Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acarbike Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deryanur Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Girgin Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cemresu Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
There is no such employee.
Ebrar Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hakim Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
Ekber Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aydin Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Donat Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
Maide Balta is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch are: 37249
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jutenya Ucar is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
Fenniye Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Canay Karakas is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
Burç Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch are: 35892
Dalince Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Banu Saglam is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
Burak Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lemide Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feray Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bakanay Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canfeda Karahan is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Ebed Kucuk.
Diclehatun Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abbas Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gaffur Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Cinar branch is Danyal Korkmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derya Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Adile Ozen is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
Aydonat Kilic is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
Ezeli Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Doruk Aydin is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bozdemir Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Araban branch is Canel Aydemir.
Gediz Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hidayet Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
Aytekin Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ezeli Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
Keriman Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irsat Er is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sehitkamil branch is Farika Oz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dünya Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lara Arslan is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
Hincal Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
There is no such employee.
Aynur Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilmi Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilkeste Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dahiye Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dalım Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abgun Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Mahzure Kilicaslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aybars Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
Egealp Dede is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch are: 37064
Ilgat Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
Ekenel Aksu is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
Havle Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
Galip Balta is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İlkben Genc is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
Manager of the Konak branch is Gizmen Aksu.
There is no such employee.
Dilay Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sehitkamil branch are: 35241
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch are: 33815
Lara Oz is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
Kardan Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ezeli Elmas is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aziz Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ezra Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Arzu Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bangu Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Esennur Kaya is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Katun Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dildan Karahan is dismissed from branch: Darende.
Leman Kocak is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Feyzullah Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gewez Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keles branch are: 39792
Heper Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Firuze Sarac is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Abdi Polat is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
There is no such employee.
Kardan Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Jergar Toprak is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
Enhar Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Damra Sarac is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Geray Ari is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
Maya Toprak is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
Efdal Elmas is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Asli Karahan is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Ebrak Erkan.
Abbas Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kamuran Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lİna Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eylem Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasibe Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fırat Yasar is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
Ceren Aktas is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylifer Aslan is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Ezeli Aksoy is promoted from Cook to Manager.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilkcan Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Araban branch is Canel Aydemir.
Hanife Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abadan Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
Dilferah Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İlkben Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Keban.
Huriye Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylim Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Delistan Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deryab Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbad Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylak Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahire Avci is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahzure Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feyzullah Yucel is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
Gazal Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Canaş Erkan.
Lavanta Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abadın Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Baskın Aksoy.
Aynur Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
Bengi Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ferdi Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gaye Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kardelen Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faris Polat is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Gazel Arslan is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Layza Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavanta Gul is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Ezeli Aksoy.
Hakgüzar Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acer Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Inanna Yigit.
Gokben Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbase Aytac is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Ishak Oz is dismissed from branch: Konak.
Feleytun Balta is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
Gezgin Dag is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
There is no such employee.
Ekmeleddin Uzun is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
Durul Aygun is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bengi Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jergar Yasar is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Hulki Uzun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kader Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gevher Dag is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Lemide Aytac is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Mamure Sarac is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Benay Uzun is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
Kısmet Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayaz Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kardelen Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gazal Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceydasu Kuru is dismissed from branch: Darende.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edra Mert is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
There is no such employee.
Aybars Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Elmadag branch is Hurol Yucel.
Daya Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahir Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
Irmak Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Felek Erkan.
Dalince Gunes is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
There is no such employee.
Ihsan Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aysel Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
Abadın Ucar is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
Gelin Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kader Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gilyas Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Barut Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fariha Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edgü Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Beypazari branch is Isinkan Senol.
Eser Seker is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Husamettin Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Figen Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kainat Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fena Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fırat Kaya is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
There is no such employee.
Huray Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isa Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
There is no such employee.
Dünya Demir is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
There is no such employee.
Izzettin Alp is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
Dorukhan Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erendil Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ilaydin Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Asuman Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iraz Sarac is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lemide Acar is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Gazi Duran is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dirok Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalan Taskin is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch are: 38792
Manager of the Sile branch is Aykut Ozen.
Canfeda Erkan is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
Doruk Demirci is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Elmadag branch is Hurol Yucel.
Hattat Yavuz is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
Habil Elmas is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
There is no such employee.
Canhanım Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acem Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hurkan Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bangu Cetin is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Kafiye Mengi.
There is no such employee.
Edhem Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Lice.
Insel Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Evren branch is Ihya Cetin.
Ajda Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Emel Temel is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
There is no such employee.
Hanedan Acar is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Başak Aksoy.
İclal Gunes is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mediha Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Jale Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Firuz Gunay is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Fitnat Ipek is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Ecehan Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ihya Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferda Sari is leaving from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecevit Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leman Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dirlik Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Pursaklar branch is Gani Durmaz.
Gelenay Saglam is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Erinç Akpinar.
Mahinur Dag is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Eyşan Akbas is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
Açelya Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feyza Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Ilaydin Erturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Behin Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hacibektas branch is Kardelen Ari.
Ihvan Uzun is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gani Uzun is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
Huriye Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erhan Dag is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Abdi Kaya is dismissed from branch: Lice.
There is no such employee.
Dileda Yasar is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
Feleytun Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hayal Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ilbilge Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farik Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Derince Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aynur Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Edayi Demir is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
Elanaz Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahtiser Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebed Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
Daim Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bediz Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Aleyna Ay is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Manager of the Cigli branch is Evin Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
Asli Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayvaz Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Handan Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aborkar Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Ecevit Ozturk.
Abdullah Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fuzuli Uzun is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Manager of the Pursaklar branch is Gani Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Aykut Ozen.
There is no such employee.
Cenah Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dalayer Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Katre Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanedan Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Lice.
Faraziye Saglam is dismissed from branch: Lice.
Aygül Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İlkben Sarac is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
There is no such employee.
Ilci Gunes is dismissed from branch: Araban.
There is no such employee.
Fenni Elmas is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feleytun Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hulusi Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdibike Demirci is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Dalayer Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Janset Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazel Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahrume Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Canaş Erkan.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Araban branch is Canel Aydemir.
Leyla Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gizem Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Heper Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
There is no such employee.
Kamer Yasar is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
Hakim Erturk is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Darende branch are: 37140
Belen Yasar is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
Lavin Guler is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
Abak Gunay is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbad Ucar is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
Hilkat Demir is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
Hilmi Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hilal Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Total bonuses for the Elmadag branch are: 39884
Dünya Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Mefharet Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahar Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbad Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
Manager of the Yazihan branch is Hamza Karahan.
There is no such employee.
Aylin Alp is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
Birmen Alp is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
Mahizar Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Derin Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feray Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jengar Cicek is dismissed from branch: Darende.
Filizer Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Göçmen Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgun Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Canfeza Toprak.
There is no such employee.
Bozkaya Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatoş Aktas is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Manager of the Derinkuyu branch is Felek Koc.
Kadime Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fakihe Kaya is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
Derman Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isa Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ezeli Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadile Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
Maide Tekin is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatmanur Mengi is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Ihlamur Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Erensu Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cezlan Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deran Cetin is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Ebecen Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
Gani Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Insel Yasar is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
Basim Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Akyurt branch is Lİna Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Torbali branch are: 41170
Hejmar Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
Hamide Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abuşka Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Balkoç Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
Abak Gunes is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ibrahim Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
Fazh Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilcan Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Izzettin Aktas is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
Fahir Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Janbek Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halef Oz is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
Ferhat Kose is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
Aytunç Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gani Aslan is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cansel Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Aygül Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abgun Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Dogansehir branch is Levin Oz.
İclal Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Derince Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch are: 39694
There is no such employee.
Demirbilek Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abbad Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
Ferhan Taskin is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
Dilaver Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceydacan Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edayi Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mayra Alkan is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 39274
Asli Cicek is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihvan Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Dalan Kara is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
Farik Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abak Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch are: 38680
There is no such employee.
Dilfigar Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Acer Kara is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
Abendam Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebed Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Gizmen Tuncer.
Cankat Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdulrezzak Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
Mahur Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bala Sahin is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
There is no such employee.
Firdevsi Gunay is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
Lamiye Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Damla Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Celvetiye Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Firuz Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahar Alp is dismissed from branch: Keban.
There is no such employee.
Lerzan Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Lavin Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Cinar branch is Danyal Korkmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eğilmez Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Celile Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ermiye Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Erdoğan Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iras Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feyza Karahan is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Aydonat Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halim Karahan is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
Edaay Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Firdevsi Ucar is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
Balkiz Gunes is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
Total bonuses for the Dogansehir branch are: 34681
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bilal Ipek is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Faden Kaya is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
Kaymak Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hatice Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazal Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abay Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ifakat Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Battalgazi branch are: 41895
Dayahatun Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mamak branch are: 38511
Aygen Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cesme branch is Dehan Acar.
There is no such employee.
Ecevit Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Devrim Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Asuman Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
Edayi Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aziz Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ermiye Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erkinay Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duran Ucar is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
Gaye Demirci is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
Isinsoy Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bergen Alp is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
Hacı Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
Cannur Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eren Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
Basri Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Medar Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elmira Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mecide Yucel is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aygül Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahrume Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dirim Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Laylank Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Abak Kaya is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iras Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Golbasi branch is Gokberk Karahan.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch are: 39190
Manager of the Sehitkamil branch is Farika Oz.
There is no such employee.
Fatoş Gunes is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
There is no such employee.
Ecevit Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferah Aktas is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Medar Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Jeyan Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
There is no such employee.
Destan Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Erhan Alp is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
There is no such employee.
Lema Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Canfeda Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fena Yucel is dismissed from branch: Keban.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Aba Karahan.
There is no such employee.
Balin Aslan is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
There is no such employee.
Benan Tekin is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
Leylan Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aykut Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Manager of the Esenler branch is Derem Acar.
Irak Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
Balkin Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
Gelincik Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Atilla Erturk is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
Ebyar Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isinsoy Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İlke Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Leylifer Aytac is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
Iraz Mengi is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
Hasibe Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Emel Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalsar Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hayriye Aygun is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahariye Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Ezeli Aksoy.
Fadik Seker is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
Mahiye Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İlke Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Battalgazi branch is Halim Yilmaz.
Hakverdi Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Egealp Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Mahzure Kilicaslan.
Erendiz Ozen is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Ebed Kucuk.
Etfal Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdem Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Jergar Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ejder Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sehitkamil branch is Farika Oz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fena Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haki Akbas is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
Manager of the Lice branch is Karya Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
Dalsar Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahir Sahin is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
Halef Balta is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
Levin Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Falaz Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sereflikochisar branch are: 41726
Jiyan Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Merze Arslan is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abat Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Daristan Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalan Gunes is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
Derince Kara is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yesilyurt branch is Loya Cebeci.
Fazil Karakas is dismissed from branch: Darende.
Mahrume Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch are: 42086
Balca Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gaffur Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dal Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Darende.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadice Toker is dismissed from branch: Tire.
Ayla Erturk is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Fevzi Dede is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lamia Alkan is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Mahzure Kilicaslan.
Aba Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadime Sari is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delistan Guler is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch are: 37654
Ezeli Mengi is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
Ganime Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hilal Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aylin Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Lale Avci is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
Manager of the Sehitkamil branch is Farika Oz.
There is no such employee.
Abdi Mengi is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
Başağa Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Elmadag branch is Hurol Yucel.
Duran Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acarbike Cetin is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fecir Tekin is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
There is no such employee.
Dilferah Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahmure Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gece Seker is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dirlik Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Ilhami Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
Total bonuses for the Akyurt branch this month are: 538
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kalender Acar is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Konak branch is Gizmen Aksu.
Gazel Yigit is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
Abakay Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
Gerçek Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Lice.
Kalender Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Ecenaz Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Evin Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Faraziye Cetin is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Balkiz Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ihlamur Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Keban.
There is no such employee.
Ganime Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kafiye Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Mahperi Ipek is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Girgin Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lamiye Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ayla Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Iris Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Orhaneli branch is Fadime Aydin.
Ilci Duran is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bozkaya Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ferdi Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dildar Ucar is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
Jengar Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
Başak Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abakay Gul is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faysal Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahir Oz is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Halide Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalbaş Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fenniye Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kavin Kara is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
Ihya Aydin is dismissed from branch: Tire.
Gazele Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Açelya Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karanfil Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gelincik Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Keles branch are: 42930
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duman Dag is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Baskın Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahsure Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Kestel branch is Fevzi Saglam.
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Canfeza Toprak.
There is no such employee.
Enginsel Sari is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cemresu Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Basri Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Buyukorhan branch is Benan Toprak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhat Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch are: 38246
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Damra Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
Lale Temel is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch are: 39369
Edgü Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Cannur Ozdemir.
There is no such employee.
Asli Gul is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faysal Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhat Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canaş Uzun is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
Ezeli Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgar Mert is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch are: 45110
There is no such employee.
Dilsozi Aygun is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
Demiralp Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
Gokberk Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eylem Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
Aysel Kaya is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
There is no such employee.
Basim Karahan is dismissed from branch: Keban.
There is no such employee.
Faize Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hades Gunay is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
Mayra Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Aylin Seker is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aybars Uzun is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
Deha Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
Hincal Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Hulki Uzun.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Inanna Yigit.
Kavin Toprak is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
Halef Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Badem Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Leylim Acar is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
Fıda Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Elmadag branch is Hurol Yucel.
There is no such employee.
Gilyas Sahin is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
There is no such employee.
Ecrin Kose is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
There is no such employee.
Dalince Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 41251
Cannur Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadıla Celik is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
Ecesoy Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
Ecir Gunay is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadire Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
Ezeli Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamiyet Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
There is no such employee.
Berk Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Dalım Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Falaz Taskin is dismissed from branch: Darende.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch are: 45110
Kader Erkan is dismissed from branch: Darende.
There is no such employee.
Aykut Celik is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
Mahire Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Layza Arslan is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
Mayra Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Felek Erkan.
There is no such employee.
Abaza Yigit is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
There is no such employee.
Hanife Toprak is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
Lebriz Sahin is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
Derince Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eylem Oz is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Leylim Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalan Gul is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dirim Aslan is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
Handan Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Diclehatun Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
Ilbey Cetin is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Battalgazi branch is Halim Yilmaz.
Erna Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cannur Toprak is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukorhan branch is Benan Toprak.
Ilbilge Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ilkcan Mert is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
Gamze Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Hamide Temel.
There is no such employee.
Ebrak Acar is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Heper Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Baskın Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
Bengisu Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gizmen Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demir Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fevzi Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
Ebyar Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dogansehir branch are: 36667
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch are: 39287
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdem Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 1844
Bakanay Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
Fermande Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kagithane branch is Erkinay Cetin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lerzan Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hanzala Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mesudane Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch are: 42766
There is no such employee.
Ira Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
Cansel Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgun Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Aba Karahan.
Ferhan Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belen Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyla Acar is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Fatoş Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iknat Demirci is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Abendam Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Inanna Yigit.
Gazire Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Memduha Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Barbaros Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Macide Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Burç Yildiran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Etkin Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 1984
Ecmel Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
Danyal Alp is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Erdem Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gaffur Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Celile Uzun is dismissed from branch: Darende.
Doruk Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faraziye Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Araban.
There is no such employee.
Fariha Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebrak Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sariyer branch is Fadile Demirci.
There is no such employee.
Kardan Celik is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Emetullah Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiyar Demir is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hikmet Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
Mahmure Kocak is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
Abbad Aygun is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
Fermande Gunes is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
Fenniye Akbas is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hüdaverdi Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Burç Aslan is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
There is no such employee.
Abdulkadir Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yesilyurt branch is Loya Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulhamit Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 42151
There is no such employee.
Ferid Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Makbule Sarac is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
Manager of the Yesilyurt branch is Loya Cebeci.
Eylem Balta is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Dilfeza Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
Huseyin Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Dilbirin Aydin.
Bahise Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalince Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ira Cetin is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
Merze Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Basim Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilfigar Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ecevit Guler is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
Gelenay Genc is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
Ceyhan Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ihsan Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hejmar Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
Jeyan Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahizar Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Etfal Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ledeyna Karahan is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayberk Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Letafet Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Keban.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Keles branch is Balin Durmaz.
Gizmen Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Abdülalim Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faruk Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilkcan Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Fena Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
Eser Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Girin Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakay Avci is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
There is no such employee.
Halide Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Basim Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hafız Oz is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Konak branch is Gizmen Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kaniye Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kamile Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
Bahriye Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Ildiz Mert is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Canfeza Toprak.
Devrim Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahsure Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 2950
Ferruh Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Karya Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kayansel Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fakirullah Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Karmen Kilic.
There is no such employee.
Canfeza Karahan is dismissed from branch: Lice.
There is no such employee.
Hilkat Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Keban.
Ejder Celik is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
Fuad Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Leylüfer Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deryanur Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aber Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatih Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ediz Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch are: 45490
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazire Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Basri Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Erhan Saglam is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Destan Ucar is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Lal Aydin is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
Filizer Gul is leaving from branch: Dicle.
Jengar Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aydin Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erendil Cicek is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
There is no such employee.
Deryanur Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahiye Erkan is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
There is no such employee.
Iyiturk Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kaila/Kayla Sahin is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
Abduş Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edaay Sarac is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
Gazele Sari is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Ebed Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
Ferahfeza Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgaz Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ledeyna Genc is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Ilaydin Erturk.
Total bonuses for the Dogansehir branch are: 37704
There is no such employee.
Faide Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Donat Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edebali Koc is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
Dilbirin Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bangu Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadis Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fikrettin Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Harika Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
There is no such employee.
Bozkaya Ay is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Inanna Yigit.
Ertan Balta is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
Debernuş Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Diclehatun Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
Ildir Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cazibe Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Berke Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dorukhan Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Maya Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
Edhem Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İkbal Dede is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
Ihlamur Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hasibe Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamis Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iris Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Asli Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
Erim Duran is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
Irsad Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kaniye Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Havva Aslan is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch are: 42375
Gazel Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kalender Senol is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Burç Yildiran.
There is no such employee.
Abuşka Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ecrin Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekin Temel is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch are: 42525
Total bonuses for the Araban branch are: 42895
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekmeleddin Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekber Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Barbaros Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Evin Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Evgin Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
Cenah Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferruh Mert is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
Lara Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Halas Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haluk Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sehitkamil branch is Farika Oz.
There is no such employee.
Lamia Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balkin Dag is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cigli branch are: 45435
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch this month are: 2379
There is no such employee.
Izzettin Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dalsar Kaya is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
Bahamra Yasar is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Abat Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Mahzure Kilicaslan.
Daltekin Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Pursaklar branch is Gani Durmaz.
Jeyan Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Felat Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Demirezen Sahin is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 4075
Hacil Demir is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Acunalp Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ecmel Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Delfin Yucel is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Cannur Ozdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilferah Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch are: 39533
Ebrar Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdoğan Dag is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Fırat Demirci.
Havin Seker is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
There is no such employee.
Medar Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hilal Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
Elvan Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ceren Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Burç Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farika Ay is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
Lİna Celik is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fakirullah Mert is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Habibullah Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
Lavanta Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Kadime Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch are: 44474
Berat Sarac is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
Farika Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Azad Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faris Taskin is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahariye Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Felek Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Makber Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ferhunde Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
Total bonuses for the Bahcelievler branch are: 44104
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakan/Abakay Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdenay Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Jeyan Kaya is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
There is no such employee.
Giram Karakas is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abad Kuru is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fenniye Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cazibe Akbas is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
There is no such employee.
Lal Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch are: 42262
Birmen Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Girin Seker is dismissed from branch: Konak.
Hacer Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Leyla Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch are: 44892
There is no such employee.
Afitap Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kalender Koc is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceydasu Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iyiturk Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 3415
Farik Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Gazel Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Maide Aksu is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Gani Avci is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Ecegül Kara is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
Lebibe Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balca Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Belde Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haveri Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kagithane branch is Erkinay Cetin.
There is no such employee.
Firdevsi Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Total bonuses for the Bagcilar branch this month are: 2951
Abdi Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecevit Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berk Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feray Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Aygül Ari is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Haktan Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Ezgi Yilmazer.
Bengi Polat is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
Hizir Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Leylan Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Davud Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jergar Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Faruk Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecmel Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Buyukorhan branch is Benan Toprak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duman Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
Baharnaz Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch are: 46057
Eğmen Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecebay Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
Filinta Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haluk Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
Dilay Erkan is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Katun Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Celvetiye Yasar is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
Lİna Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fecir Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
Layike Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Igdemir Duran is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
Gogen Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lİna Demirci is dismissed from branch: Keles.
Canel Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bera Toprak is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Jaledar Alp is leaving from branch: Fatih.
Canan Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hatunana Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch are: 43756
There is no such employee.
Duran Polat is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gilyas Seker is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
There is no such employee.
Huseyin Yasar is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Isinkan Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kısmet Cicek is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Ebrar Senol is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canel Guler is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
Dalsar Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fatma Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hurel Kara is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
Bera Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kadriye Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferdi Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fahir Mert is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 1877
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 4304
Abgun Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Alara Duran is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hediye Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Demir Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Bahamra Nas.
Ferzin Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
Ilgaz Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Ecevit Ozturk.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Cenah Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhunde Cicek is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
Ceydasu Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Aba Karahan.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yesilyurt branch is Loya Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Demirbilek Yuksel.
Cezlan Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İkbal Kocak is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
Davud Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lema Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ceydasu Kara is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Aleyna Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Aykut Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokay Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Alev Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
Aylin Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Ilaydin Erturk.
Edahses Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Esennur Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Furkan Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Duman Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Jasmin Sahin is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 44164
Manager of the Cesme branch is Dehan Acar.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Erendiz Kose.
Enhar Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sile branch is Aykut Ozen.
Fatma Yigit is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilay Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abduş Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch are: 45596
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahrume Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Mahzure Kilicaslan.
Feray Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edgü Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Darende branch are: 43089
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Alev Uzun is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyla Gunay is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keban branch this month are: 5350
Hasret Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiyar Kilic is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
Mesudane Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hades Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faruk Gul is dismissed from branch: Lice.
Manager of the Torbali branch is Delistan Ozdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Janseli Erturk is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
Iknat Gunay is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Bahamra Mert is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilkat Avci is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cilvekar Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Burç Yildiran.
Hamiyet Kilic is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Manager of the Yedisu branch is Davud Ay.
Ayaz Toprak is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Dijdar Akbas is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
Jergar Saglam is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 2752
There is no such employee.
Hamaset Er is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Efehan Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
Manager of the Adakli branch is Cankut Erkan.
Baharcan Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cigli branch this month are: 4274
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Cenah Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Emel Taskin is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erinç Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dalım Erturk is dismissed from branch: Lice.
Dilfigar Temel is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
Lamiye Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgaz Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Ebecen Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Halilullah Temel is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Maide Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Egealp Ucar is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Cenah Kucuk.
Banu Dag is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
Jinmir Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Husamettin Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ekenel Gunes is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
Mahire Guler is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lİna Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 2857
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hursit Duran is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
Galibe Polat is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
Edebali Elmas is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch are: 47579
There is no such employee.
Hakan Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Hacer Karahan is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Dilkeste Duran.
There is no such employee.
Izzettin Kilic is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Canfeza Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gale Aygun is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
Abdulrezzak Karakas is dismissed from branch: Konak.
Mesudane Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamra Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
Ekenel Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feyzullah Avci is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
Jiyan Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Behçet Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mediha Karahan is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbey Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbilge Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Girgin Aksu is leaving from branch: Sancaktepe.
Gaye Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Golbasi branch is Gokberk Karahan.
Ilgun Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazi Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Kafiye Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Atilla Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fakri Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Katun Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekenel Senol is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Erk Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ihvan Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Battalgazi branch is Halim Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lerzan Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Esmeray Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
Dilfeza Seker is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
Kainat Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fermande Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fahir Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balkoç Kaya is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
There is no such employee.
Itri Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Katun Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gorani Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahamra Dag is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgi Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Macide Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
Hafsa Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
Fazilet Cicek is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kevser Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Bahamra Nas.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cigli branch this month are: 198
Haki Toprak is dismissed from branch: Keban.
Delfin Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Elmadag branch are: 47405
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Firdevsi Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazire Ucar is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecir Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgat Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
Gazal Aygun is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayberk Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Burç Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
Dalince Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fenniye Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kısmet Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jergar Demir is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Elmadag branch are: 47516
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Mahru Kilicarslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamuran Demirci is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
There is no such employee.
Leyla Celik is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kader Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fikri Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Efdal Aksu is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
Fazil Yigit is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
Gıyas Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukorhan branch is Benan Toprak.
Gerçek Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dafne Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecesoy Mert is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
Canaş Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch are: 43146
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kaymak Balta is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
Manager of the Osmangazi branch is Kader Sari.
Kardelen Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
There is no such employee.
Fermani Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hayriye Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch are: 46456
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dijdar Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadice Sarac is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
Delal Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Durul Aytac is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Galip Elmas is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Evin Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Darende.
Gencay Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gale Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecir Acar is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hincal Erturk is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
There is no such employee.
Delice Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Husamettin Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch are: 44003
Total bonuses for the Mamak branch this month are: 485
Laylank Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sehitkamil branch are: 42982
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Doruk Ucar is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Fulya Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Diba Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karanfil Yigit is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Germa Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fahir Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
Jinmir Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenler branch is Derem Acar.
There is no such employee.
Havva Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gezer Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farah Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fezai Kocak is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Belde Dede is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Erendiz Kose.
Fikret Sarac is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demirezen Toker is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Manager of the Araban branch is Canel Aydemir.
Galibe Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fena Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tire branch is Elacık Elmas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazel Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahir Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fidan Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
Cansel Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Evgin Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Darende.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch are: 44277
Abakay Balta is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
Leylan Akbas is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Dehan Sarac is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Bahir Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karmen Sarac is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
Dildan Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irmak Erturk is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukorhan branch are: 48847
There is no such employee.
Lİna Taskin is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Destecan Yucel is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
There is no such employee.
Jarin Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Fahrettin Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
There is no such employee.
Irsad Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Lice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belde Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Birsoy Temel is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
Abak Acar is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
Hamit Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canalp Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Başak Dag is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
Fitnat Aksu is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Bediz Yigit is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
There is no such employee.
Habide Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
Hattat Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Damla Kocak is dismissed from branch: Darende.
Girin Alp is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Torbali branch is Delistan Ozdemir.
Bahtiser Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
Gazire Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgar Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eser Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Bahamra Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eylem Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Kevser Genc.
Filizer Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dehna Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derince Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halilullah Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Furkan Sahin is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 1152
Abdulhamit Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
Furkan Toprak is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erkinay Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mediha Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Firuz Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İlayda Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ifakat Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Isa Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kalender Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Demirbilek Yuksel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch this month are: 985
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhaneli branch are: 46842
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch are: 47438
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyla Gunes is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Aysel Buyuk is promoted from Cook to Manager.
Belgi Akbas is dismissed from branch: Konak.
Ecegül Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ilbilge Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Lİna Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edgü Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Cenah Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayla Saglam is dismissed from branch: Lice.
Manager of the Adakli branch is Cankut Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jefi Ozen is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
There is no such employee.
Leyla Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aygül Aksu is dismissed from branch: Darende.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acarbey Saglam is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Konak branch is Gizmen Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdem Aktas is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
Hanife Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
There is no such employee.
Leyli Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fahri Kara is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Haldun Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ecenaz Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Galibe Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Tire.
There is no such employee.
Istemihan Taskin is dismissed from branch: Araban.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sereflikochisar branch are: 48203
Hadra Dag is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
There is no such employee.
Hacı Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamis Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayra Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ikan Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Yazihan branch this month are: 1148
Fenniye Aksu is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
Abay Duran is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dorukhan Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gevher Ari is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
Berkan Sahin is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
Lalin Nas is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
Total bonuses for the Kestel branch this month are: 2440
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 1697
There is no such employee.
Daya Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fena Sahin is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isinkan Toker is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
Başağa Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch are: 45952
Gediz Aslan is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Faraziye Aktas is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Mecide Sahin is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gaffar Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hale Nas is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakverdi Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Alara Balta is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
Dal Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bilal Nas is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
Daristan Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Lice branch this month are: 1825
Manager of the Yesilyurt branch is Loya Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
Abaza Celik is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
Hakverdi Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Celvetiye Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yesilyurt branch are: 46962
There is no such employee.
Cankat Aydin is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Ayvaz Akpinar.
Kamelya Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
Mahmure Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 1469
Dildan Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferhunde Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
Kardan Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilaydin Gunes is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
Karen Ipek is dismissed from branch: Araban.
Ece Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Katre Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Darende.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abad Temel is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
Fermani Avci is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
Cezlan Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch are: 44148
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 44894
There is no such employee.
Bozkaya Sari is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch are: 46672
Gizer Sarac is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gece Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Istemihan Akbas is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 534
There is no such employee.
Baskın Sahin is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Dildan Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kaymak Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Canaş Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daim Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecir Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Ayvaz Akpinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fenni Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ezra Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukorhan branch are: 50453
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Erinç Akpinar.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Cannur Ozdemir.
Husam Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Jergar Alp is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
There is no such employee.
Cazibe Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Durul Kara is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
Doğannur Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Kainat Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kaniye Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Macide Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Gazel Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karanfil Cetin is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
Basim Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ibrahim Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isinkan Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bediz Mert is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Aysel Buyuk.
Celile Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Acunalp Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Evgin Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Huseyin Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Fıda Aksu is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erhan Ipek is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cinar branch is Danyal Korkmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilal Genc is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Beha Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derman Sari is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Husam Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekber Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delice Saglam is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Fazh Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fadime Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eyşan Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Candan Aytac is dismissed from branch: Araban.
Hikmet Karakas is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ibrahim Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch are: 43857
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eğmen Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
Emel Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Durul Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Keles.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayfer Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berat Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 1626
Total bonuses for the Dogansehir branch this month are: 2359
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 1548
Acer Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derya Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Meserret Durmaz.
Lalin Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayaz Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dildar Temel is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
Fazh Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Halef Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Badem Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Başak Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jaledar Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belgi Saglam is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
Canela Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Darende.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hacibektas branch is Kardelen Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gizmen Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Keles.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eğilmez Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
Acer Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacil Senol is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baglar branch is Kamer Guler.
Total bonuses for the Derinkuyu branch this month are: 2668
There is no such employee.
Bilal Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bozkaya Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferah Aslan is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihsan Guler is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Gokay Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecevit Acar is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Benay Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aleyna Temel is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
Gencaslan Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edra Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demiralp Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecehan Gunes is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Beliz Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Torbali branch is Delistan Ozdemir.
There is no such employee.
Ishak Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Jasmin Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hurel Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gıyas Sarac is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Hursit Yigit is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belgin Saglam is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Ebed Kucuk.
Mahibe Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aytunç Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalya Mert is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tire branch are: 46909
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Burç Yildiran.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch are: 51257
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahur Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Evren branch is Ihya Cetin.
There is no such employee.
Ferruh Arslan is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İlke Dag is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
Kamelya Kara is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Canece Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hacibektas branch is Kardelen Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Efdal Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
There is no such employee.
Felin Ari is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Hulki Uzun.
Azad Aytac is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
Manager of the Yesilyurt branch is Loya Cebeci.
Dilsozi Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Izgutay Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 2166
Adalan Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dahiye Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hakgüzar Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Can Avci is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kestel branch are: 44050
Hanbey Erkan is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Erendiz Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebrar Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ertan Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fazil Aslan is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Acigol branch is Fatma Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dehan Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahriye Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
Kezban Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamra Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cahide Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karina Arslan is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkiz Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Benay Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
There is no such employee.
Fakihe Polat is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kardem Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 3500
There is no such employee.
Fariha Kaya is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
Manager of the Evren branch is Ihya Cetin.
Hediye Yucel is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Gamze Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadra Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hale Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Celile Elmas is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Demirbilek Yuksel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgaz Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hatice Sarac is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhaneli branch are: 48553
Gazi Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dirim Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fatma Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
Fadil Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Duran Gunes is dismissed from branch: Lice.
Igdemir Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Duru Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
Ecmel Aygun is dismissed from branch: Konak.
Aygen Yasar is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
There is no such employee.
Garibe Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Aba Karahan.
Total bonuses for the Dogansehir branch are: 43773
Filizer Elmas is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
Gaye Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isinkan Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lalin Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokberk Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hediye Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dünya Ozen is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Dilfigar Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bergen Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilci Sahin is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
Gewez Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferhunde Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cavlan Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Kafiye Mengi.
Erinç Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kadime Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fatine Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 1896
There is no such employee.
Jeyan Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Belgi Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cemalnur Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feza Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aba Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duru Aytac is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kuluncak branch are: 46216
Mecide Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakverdi Kara is dismissed from branch: Tire.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bilal Yasar is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Meserret Taskin is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
There is no such employee.
Eceseren Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Efehan Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ecrin Yucel is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Mahizar Senol is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Birmen Yucel is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Total bonuses for the Araban branch are: 47807
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Derinkuyu branch is Felek Koc.
Jengar Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceydacan Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
There is no such employee.
Gazire Kilic is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ikram Gul is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Ejder Cicek is dismissed from branch: Lice.
Jerfi Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch are: 44731
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Ayvaz Akpinar.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Akyurt branch this month are: 3959
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 3931
There is no such employee.
Havin Tekin is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
There is no such employee.
Giram Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gizmen Seker is dismissed from branch: Lice.
Fikri Alkan is dismissed from branch: Lice.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch are: 45956
There is no such employee.
Cankut Yasar is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
Falaz Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikrettin Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Destan Aslan.
Feleytun Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 4165
Fatma Kuru is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fırat Aytac is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
There is no such employee.
Mahinur Nas is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Asiye Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baha Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceydacan Toker is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Baskın Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazil Erkan is dismissed from branch: Keban.
Izzettin Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Araban.
There is no such employee.
Daya Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acarhatun Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cavlan Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch are: 51412
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Ezeli Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Celvetiye Demirci is dismissed from branch: Araban.
There is no such employee.
Furkan Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Firuze Gunes is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ezeli Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Egezade Erturk is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
There is no such employee.
Hejmar Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
Ayfer Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acunalp Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
Can Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demirezen Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
Manager of the Mamak branch is Faize Guler.
Deli Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Lice.
Manager of the Genc branch is Ece Guler.
There is no such employee.
Abdülalim Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farik Akbas is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Germa Akbas is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Belemir Ari is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebubekir Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Meserret Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Etfal Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gaye Yasar is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Abgun Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Merzuka Mert is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
Meral Avci is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 3620
There is no such employee.
Fahrettin Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
Derem Cicek is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ildiz Elmas is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch are: 51836
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Karmen Kilic.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aygül Nas is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bagatur Koc is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
Enhar Toprak is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Karen Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dahiye Polat is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Torbali branch is Delistan Ozdemir.
Abay Kara is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Can Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ferzin Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 4452
Gencay Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
Hanife Er is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
Kamuran Gunes is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
Laylank Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Mahrem Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
Belen Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dileda Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Habib Demirci is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
Delistan Genc is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch are: 46942
Cezire Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Meserret Durmaz.
Meserret Genc is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
Hanbeğendi Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Laylank Alp is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dayahatun Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jefi Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Araban branch are: 48081
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cigli branch this month are: 3966
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch are: 49218
There is no such employee.
Melodi Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Ece Guler.
There is no such employee.
Fadile Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 3641
Manager of the Keban branch is Dünya Acar.
There is no such employee.
Hacil Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Keles.
Gorani Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Katre Senol is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cavide Kuru is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
Mensure Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
There is no such employee.
Husamettin Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
Felat Duran is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
Eğmen Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
Dirlik Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lemide Erturk is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
Manager of the Yedisu branch is Davud Ay.
There is no such employee.
Gokay Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habibullah Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gencaslan Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Tire.
Total bonuses for the Beypazari branch are: 48502
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derman Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Erinç Akpinar.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Hulki Uzun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceydanur Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyan Duran is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
Ecesoy Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Fatih branch is Idris Uzun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulkadir Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kulp branch is Derin Seker.
There is no such employee.
Berkan Kose is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beypazari branch this month are: 5575
Total bonuses for the Mamak branch are: 47610
Total bonuses for the Dogansehir branch this month are: 4023
There is no such employee.
Afet Koc is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gaffar Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch are: 48911
There is no such employee.
Ilgar Demir is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
Debernuş Saglam is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Karin Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayaz Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Lİna Er is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
Cilvekar Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karsel Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
Darin Aygun is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalbaş Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelincik Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aytunç Demirci is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Abuşka Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Baharnaz Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Leylifer Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Funda Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hades Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
Hacı Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Baskın Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Insel Cicek is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Cannur Ozdemir.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Ecevit Ozturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazele Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cubuk branch is Damla Alkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canela Celik is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Total bonuses for the Hacibektas branch are: 47476
Bengisu Ucar is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
Iraz Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abdurrahman Mengi is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bengisu Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch are: 53564
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 5596
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cahide Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Füreyya Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Cenah Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sehitkamil branch is Farika Oz.
Acarbey Balta is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
Erksin Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch are: 46785
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hiram Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Himmet Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Filiz Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihsan Gunes is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
Evin Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Ayvaz Akpinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mefharet Toprak is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
Karsu Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haktan Cicek is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
Dilsafa Ari is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Destecan Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
Gizer Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irsat Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Araban.
Kamuran Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
There is no such employee.
Fulya Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Etfal Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sereflikochisar branch is Hincal Toprak.
Bagatur Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Demirbilek Yuksel.
Total bonuses for the Yedisu branch are: 53538
There is no such employee.
Fatoş Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Keban.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Dilkeste Duran.
There is no such employee.
Mahsure Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delal Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İclal Uzun is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hikmet Gul is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
Erinç Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Evgin Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Dogansehir branch is Levin Oz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feyzullah Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canece Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
Hursit Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch are: 47383
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahibe Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadis Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fehim Arslan is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
Berk Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Jinsal Demirci is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Dilfigar Senol.
Leylifer Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayfer Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ilkcan Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fazilet Guler is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
İlkben Ipek is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhan Kaya is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahur Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kevser Celik is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Ferdi Toprak is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamaset Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dahiye Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Candan Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch are: 48097
Medar Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
Manager of the Kagithane branch is Erkinay Cetin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erkinay Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Elmadag branch is Hurol Yucel.
Başar Koc is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belgin Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
Abakay Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ediz Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
There is no such employee.
Ilcan Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgar Uzun is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jefi Ozen is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Elmadag branch is Hurol Yucel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ledeyna Ucar is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gavsi Kilic is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
There is no such employee.
Hediye Yigit is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karadut Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Erendiz Kose.
Funda Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hayat Erturk is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Ecenaz Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
Hades Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keles branch this month are: 127
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Lice branch is Karya Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 544
There is no such employee.
Canane Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Baskın Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 425
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derin Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebrak Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kalender Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Derinkuyu branch are: 47609
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İlayda Mert is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Abduş Demir is dismissed from branch: Keles.
Karya Genc is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Furkan Yasar is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Bahiye Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derince Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Darende.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başak Aksu is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Laylank Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Layike Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hulki Guler is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
Lamia Koc is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazil Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilfeza Aktas is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
There is no such employee.
Abdal Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
Erhan Oz is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
Bartu Aslan is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kestel branch is Fevzi Saglam.
Ilgaz Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deli Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cannur Demirci is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gıyas Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 0
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Mahzure Kilicaslan.
Fikret Ay is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
Hilmi Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Mahzure Kilicaslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferda Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mensure Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
Himmet Ozen is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
Erendil Dag is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
There is no such employee.
Faik Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadime Toprak is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Jeyan Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canfeza Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bera Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abadın Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Hediye Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Fer Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bozkaya Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yesilyurt branch is Loya Cebeci.
Aybars Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalince Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylan Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Dilbirin Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgar Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bediz Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Esved Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 448
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gizem Alkan is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Demirbilek Yuksel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 469
There is no such employee.
Hafız Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Keles.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbey Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceren Ozen is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecehan Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Göçmen Yucel is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cesme branch this month are: 634
There is no such employee.
Ayfer Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ayfer Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadriye Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Osmangazi branch is Kader Sari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilaydin Yucel is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hatice Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Afitap Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Daim Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kavin Gunes is dismissed from branch: Lice.
Efdal Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 613
There is no such employee.
Ertan Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fenniye Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lema Yigit is dismissed from branch: Tire.
There is no such employee.
Candan Aksu is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilferah Dag is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
Filinta Yasar is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eceseren Oz is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Ebrak Erkan.
There is no such employee.
Ceren Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acarbey Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lamiye Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canay Gunes is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Felit Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylan Aslan is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Gazel Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cesme branch is Dehan Acar.
Manager of the Keban branch is Dünya Acar.
Esmeray Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 1074
There is no such employee.
Karmen Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
Gewez Alp is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahperi Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bahcelievler branch this month are: 962
Gevher Mengi is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yedisu branch this month are: 1252
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch are: 51255
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yedisu branch this month are: 1252
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baharcan Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Torbali branch is Delistan Ozdemir.
Aborkar Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Jasmin Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kafiye Uzun is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Erendiz Kose.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ishak Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edgü Senol is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mamak branch this month are: 758
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cubuk branch this month are: 1075
Evgin Aksu is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
Firuze Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Farise Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacer Karakas is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
Celile Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Araban.
There is no such employee.
Hanif Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Dilbirin Aydin.
Arzu Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Medar Kaya is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 967
There is no such employee.
Meral Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hale Mengi is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Canaş Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erkinay Alp is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lİna Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eyşan Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Madelet Taskin is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 1769
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyla Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Inanna Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Durukan Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilsafa Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bengi Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lerzan Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canela Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Falaz Guler is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
Durukan Sarac is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gencal Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Danyal Tekin is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Erendiz Kose.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilkeste Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 1316
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 2168
Fikri Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Girin Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacil Guler is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
Lema Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Gazel Guler is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canel Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
Hiram Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Tire.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delfin Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fitnat Aytac is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch are: 48841
Davud Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Birmen Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahrem Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pursaklar branch this month are: 2047
There is no such employee.
Bahtiser Aytac is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamer Cetin is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canel Dede is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Giram Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhaneli branch this month are: 1394
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Erendiz Kose.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fitnat Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acer Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatmanur Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gokalp Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch are: 55656
Fecri Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karina Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayberk Aytac is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iris Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Havin Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Balkoç Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Aba Karakas is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 2187
There is no such employee.
Lemide Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Canaş Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elbek Demirci is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
Acarhatun Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 2422
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faize Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cavlan Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Konak.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Fırat Demirci.
Aytunç Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Asli Temel is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
Bozkaya Mert is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
Hattat Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kadriye Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Funda Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erensu Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekmeleddin Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cesme branch is Dehan Acar.
Leyla Yigit is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
Ceyhan Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecmel Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Efdal Er is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
Izgutay Temel is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erendiz Ipek is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
There is no such employee.
Ishak Alp is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Jilda Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ejder Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Darende.
There is no such employee.
Feyzullah Kuru is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
There is no such employee.
Erkut Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canel Saglam is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
There is no such employee.
Mesudane Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gazel Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
Ebyar Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bengi Aslan is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lebibe Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Benay Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karanfil Ay is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
İclal Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iraz Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
Kadime Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 1862
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch are: 56151
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gencal Karakas is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Total bonuses for the Derinkuyu branch this month are: 3913
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecenaz Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demirbilek Ucar is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dogansehir branch this month are: 2275
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cesme branch is Dehan Acar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 1560
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canipek Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hediye Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Delice Sahin is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Akyurt branch is Lİna Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
Arzu Cicek is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berkay Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kısmet Elmas is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gezgin Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Jale Duran is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikri Tekin is dismissed from branch: Keles.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tire branch this month are: 1974
Hasbek Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Egezade Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gedik Oz is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatma Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kahya Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Kadriye Aktas is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cinar branch this month are: 3589
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aykut Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 2031
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferda Ozen is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Haldun Mengi is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadik Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eğmen Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ecevit Gunes is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
Faden Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Idris Demir is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
Fazıl Balta is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
Lavanta Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Araban.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aydonat Aygun is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
There is no such employee.
Hakverdi Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Lice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karmen Cicek is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
Ecem Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
Elvan Koc is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Heper Sarac is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Felin Toprak is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Jehat Aktas is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feleytun Toker is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
There is no such employee.
Iris Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Tire.
Fezai Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Memduha Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Dilfigar Senol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karin Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgaz Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
Celvetiye Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feleytun Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebed Kose is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 2312
Abad Aydin is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farika Polat is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyla Sarac is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Acarbike Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feyzullah Cicek is dismissed from branch: Keban.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahir Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
Abendam Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daltekin Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fikri Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lemide Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
There is no such employee.
Ilkcan Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
Gedik Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Dilfigar Senol.
Figen Sari is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demir Aslan is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 4210
Ceydanur Karahan is dismissed from branch: Darende.
Birmen Akbas is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Germa Toker is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İlayda Kilic is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
Kavin Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahire Aslan is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
Kaymak Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferdi Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elacık Koc is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
There is no such employee.
Abdullah Sari is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Aba Karahan.
There is no such employee.
Dehna Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferah Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hakim Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Destan Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cezire Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Birsoy Temel is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
Manager of the Cubuk branch is Damla Alkan.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Inanna Yigit.
Mahmude Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhaneli branch is Fadime Aydin.
Belemir Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
Hacil Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gizer Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayla Genc is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecenaz Toprak is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
Jade Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Lice.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 4405
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 2600
Bergen Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahiye Kara is dismissed from branch: Keban.
Hanzala Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derman Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eftal Ozen is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
Bahiye Tekin is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balca Cetin is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halas Karahan is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
Mahur Gul is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Lema Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Lice.
Hamit Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Total bonuses for the Yedisu branch this month are: 4178
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Ecevit Ozturk.
Acarhatun Ari is leaving from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gedik Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habil Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Keles branch is Balin Durmaz.
Huray Gunes is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Manager of the Cubuk branch is Damla Alkan.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Hulki Uzun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgi Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dirok Aygun is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
There is no such employee.
Istemihan Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Darin Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elbek Mert is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecevit Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 2808
Jilda Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bengisu Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
Esennur Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gece Aksu is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
There is no such employee.
Göçmen Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acarbey Mengi is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanzala Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Afet Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
Dilaver Acar is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hüdaverdi Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 3697
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erksin Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jehat Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecevit Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kamelya Seker is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Dal Kaya is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
Manager of the Kulp branch is Derin Seker.
There is no such employee.
Kayansel Karahan is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch are: 49741
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fariha Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Husamettin Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanif Aksu is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
Ajda Sahin is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Cezire Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cansel Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Medar Gunes is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Canaş Erkan.
Darin Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilham Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch are: 49579
There is no such employee.
Lavinya Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başar Alkan is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
Fıda Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilferah Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
Filiz Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 3719
There is no such employee.
Fatmanur Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Ilaydin Erturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erim Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Lice branch this month are: 3413
Keriman Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bagcilar branch is Figen Aktas.
Gediz Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edgü Aksu is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
Abat Kara is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
Gencay Karakas is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
Kainat Senol is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cavide Aktas is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
Ledeyna Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazele Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
Ilci Kara is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Afet Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hazan Toprak is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyla Gunay is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
Manager of the Sahinbey branch is Fidan Ay.
There is no such employee.
Abdullah Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eğmen Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Cansel Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ikram Yildirim is leaving from branch: Orhaneli.
Faraziye Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayla Akbas is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Asuman Avci is dismissed from branch: Konak.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 4020
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huri Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Erdibike Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 4751
There is no such employee.
Erdibike Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irak Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecesoy Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Hulki Uzun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Alara Polat is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
There is no such employee.
Leyla Balta is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Hincal Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Tire.
There is no such employee.
Jinsal Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cemalnur Celik is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
There is no such employee.
Delfin Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Farah Sahin is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Dündar Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hulusi Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Halide Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
İffet Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Emetullah Ozen is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
Fadile Kara is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daime Mengi is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Hidayet Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Lice branch this month are: 3883
Fekahet Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Melodi Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Jarin Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamelya Temel is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gezgin Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Janseli Koc is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 4010
There is no such employee.
Habibullah Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aysu Kose is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Fadıla Nas is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Derince Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Bahamra Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dildan Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
There is no such employee.
Ilgar Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Huseyin Ipek is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
There is no such employee.
Abaza Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Mahru Kilicarslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 4665
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 4765
There is no such employee.
Karen Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Garibe Sahin is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihlamur Gunes is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
Dilay Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Janset Gunes is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
Ebrar Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cemalnur Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fahrettin Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Beliz Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Cenah Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fermani Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Lema Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
Ishak Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Ifakat Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cavide Yasar is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
There is no such employee.
Lavin Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
Bergen Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadime Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Cansel Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Hasibe Tekin is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ifakat Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Kagithane branch is Erkinay Cetin.
Beliz Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch are: 56009
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bozdemir Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lal Celik is dismissed from branch: Araban.
There is no such employee.
Mahbube Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazel Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bakiye Saglam is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
Ecenaz Yucel is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Torbali branch is Delistan Ozdemir.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 3979
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aber Nas is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jutenya Demir is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
Birsoy Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Girin Demirci is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Bahamra Nas.
Jutenya Kose is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Bilal Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gilyas Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İdil Cicek is dismissed from branch: Konak.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Ecevit Ozturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isinsoy Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sahinbey branch is Fidan Ay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dirim Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yesilyurt branch is Loya Cebeci.
Dilsozi Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceydanur Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bakiye Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
Derem Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halilullah Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belen Kose is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fercan Er is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Can Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 4965
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Daime Ozdemir.
Manager of the Kuluncak branch is Gezer Duran.
There is no such employee.
Ildem Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Başak Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cahide Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Davud Alp is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamza Yigit is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
Hadis Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
Faraziye Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilfeza Demirci is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
There is no such employee.
Jiyan Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Asli Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Leylüfer Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karina Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aziz Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Idris Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fikret Toprak is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Hayriye Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fehim Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fahrettin Yucel is dismissed from branch: Lice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Melodi Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acarhatun Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
There is no such employee.
Fidan Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Canfeda Dede is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Idris Uzun is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Ihsan Kara is promoted from Cook to Manager.
Bahariye Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Füreyya Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yazihan branch this month are: 5429
Ganime Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Galibe Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahinur Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Tire.
Berkan Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gediz Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Dogansehir branch this month are: 4345
Gaye Gul is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
Aber Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Buyukorhan branch this month are: 4065
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Bahamra Nas.
Iras Toker is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahrume Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Keriman Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erendiz Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamiyet Kocak is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
Letafet Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Igdemir Alp is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
Belgin Aslan is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Efehan Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakan Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faris Taskin is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
Afet Ucar is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiyar Acar is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sehitkamil branch this month are: 4361
There is no such employee.
Mahru Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazel Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gamze Kilic is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 4479
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Efehan Alkan is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch are: 58975
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başağa Kara is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
Hafız Balta is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahsure Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hafsa Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokay Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Husamettin Karahan is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
Jasmin Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gaffar Mert is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ledeyna Aytac is dismissed from branch: Konak.
Hadra Temel is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch are: 54055
Hayal Toker is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jerfi Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecehan Taskin is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
Fer Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iyiturk Kose is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Letafet Cetin is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
Hamra Aydin is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Debernuş Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Leylim Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hacil Gunay is dismissed from branch: Tire.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belen Sari is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
Fezai Ucar is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Asuman Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdem Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahbube Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ilgi Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch are: 54240
Baskın Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cigli branch is Evin Durmaz.
Manager of the Konak branch is Gizmen Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahiye Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Duman Aydin is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 54987
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dogansehir branch is Levin Oz.
There is no such employee.
Madelet Aygun is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 292
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kestel branch is Fevzi Saglam.
There is no such employee.
Erna Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhaneli branch is Fadime Aydin.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch are: 56551
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huseyin Duran is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Manager of the Yedisu branch is Davud Ay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgi Avci is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
There is no such employee.
Husamettin Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deryanur Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lebibe Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faika Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Mahzure Kilicaslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canel Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gorani Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fıda Ucar is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Destan Aslan.
Manager of the Torbali branch is Delistan Ozdemir.
Cankut Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
Erendiz Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lebibe Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Baskın Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
Ihvan Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferhan Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fakirullah Cetin is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ermiye Er is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokay Toker is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
Lavinya Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Diclehatun Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
Deryab Aytac is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahmure Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacil Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Falaz Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
Fariha Alp is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
Ledeyna Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Canece Aydin is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
Filizer Senol is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
Eftal Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
Gelincik Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hacibektas branch this month are: 454
Benan Alkan is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
Bakanay Koc is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aygül Gunes is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
Isinsoy Sarac is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
Manager of the Bahcelievler branch is Bergen Mengi.
There is no such employee.
Benay Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Idris Gunes is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Karmen Kilic.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazele Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbey Akbas is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Destan Aslan.
Gilyas Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hulusi Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gaffar Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hanzala Sari is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
Canane Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fazilet Cetin is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Aykut Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenler branch is Derem Acar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Efdal Ipek is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edayi Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cansel Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bahcelievler branch are: 57027
There is no such employee.
Devrim Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
There is no such employee.
Canece Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukorhan branch is Benan Toprak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hincal Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aygen Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacil Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dirim Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Fahir Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hakikat Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haki Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dayehatun Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cinar branch are: 54754
There is no such employee.
Ergin Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
There is no such employee.
Iyiturk Cetin is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgat Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Golbasi branch is Gokberk Karahan.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sereflikochisar branch this month are: 1460
There is no such employee.
Kafiye Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Hulusi Temel is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Diclehatun Gunes is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lamia Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
Gaffar Toprak is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fuzuli Kuru is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Darende branch is Merzuka Ucar.
There is no such employee.
Itri Gunes is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hulusi Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
There is no such employee.
Hurkan Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebrar Dag is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cubuk branch are: 55098
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hazal Toprak is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cezire Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bahcelievler branch are: 57027
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 1815
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ece Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Demiralp Nas is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keles branch this month are: 928
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elanaz Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 57523
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canaş Erkan is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Alara Yildirim is promoted from Cook to Manager.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahanur Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Keban.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Lice branch are: 61975
Abadan Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aysu Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gaye Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch are: 60734
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 619
Karsu Tekin is dismissed from branch: Lice.
Canperver Er is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Leylak Ay is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fer Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ekin Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Layike Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berkay Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayberk Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Daya Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Cenah Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch are: 56944
Lara Yigit is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Madelet Nas is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Dilbirin Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Acigol branch is Fatma Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Daime Ozdemir.
There is no such employee.
Ceydacan Ipek is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dirlik Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keban branch are: 64302
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fermani Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
Abdülalim Kose is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhaneli branch are: 58799
Larasu Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 1613
There is no such employee.
Fazil Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dilbirin Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abak Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mamak branch is Faize Guler.
Ferruh Alp is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 1686
Karanfil Acar is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cemalnur Guler is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
Bahriye Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Dilfigar Senol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdülalim Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazele Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch are: 58528
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belgi Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Gazel Tekin is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Ferhan Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faden Genc is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Başak Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahfer Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Dilkeste Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebrar Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dorukhan Toprak is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kestel branch this month are: 2302
Gazel Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Feleytun Aydin is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
Hayat Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Mahzure Kilicaslan.
Levin Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abad Gul is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch are: 59827
There is no such employee.
Alev Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch are: 55205
There is no such employee.
Deryanur Erkan is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 2369
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahinur Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Darende branch is Merzuka Ucar.
Geray Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Merze Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Ezeli Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
Dilay Acar is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Hafız Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dildan Koc is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erhan Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pursaklar branch are: 55656
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Torbali branch is Delistan Ozdemir.
Latife Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elvan Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ekenel Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Aba Karahan.
Afet Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Keles.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch are: 53852
Evrensel Saglam is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gencal Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiyar Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbas Aygun is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecmel Gunes is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 1912
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yesilyurt branch is Loya Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Demirbilek Yuksel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahriye Erturk is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hattat Akbas is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilferah Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Manager of the Yedisu branch is Davud Ay.
Aleyna Kaya is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Itri Ucar is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derince Acar is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
Birmen Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferhunde Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dal Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canane Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
Bakanay Karakas is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Gazale Balta is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
There is no such employee.
Erdibike Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jilda Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Baskın Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch are: 59436
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelenay Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Füreyya Taskin is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahise Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelenay Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karsu Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ledeyna Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isa Saglam is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahise Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbad Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Halilullah Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canan Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahrem Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Total bonuses for the Cesme branch are: 56061
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cesme branch is Dehan Acar.
There is no such employee.
Faide Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faize Aktas is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadice Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Furkan Nas is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
Abdulkadir Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
Aydemir Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Meserret Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch are: 58697
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakan/Abakay Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kevser Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulkadir Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gezgin Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Emetullah Aydin is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Benan Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Firuz Aktas is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
Hakgüzar Aygun is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
Ferhunde Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Battalgazi branch this month are: 3037
Gaffar Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deran Alp is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
Loya Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilsozi Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Battalgazi branch are: 59774
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch are: 55233
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bangu Elmas is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanzala Arslan is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tire branch this month are: 3066
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kuluncak branch are: 54827
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lale Karahan is dismissed from branch: Lice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deha Erkan is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
Haldun Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abad Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Lice branch this month are: 3690
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferda Balta is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Derinkuyu branch is Felek Koc.
Letafet Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch are: 56938
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jinmir Gunes is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elacık Genc is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Germa Dag is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokay Aktas is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Fadıla Elmas is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
Dalsar Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elmira Saglam is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 3128
There is no such employee.
Bala Mengi is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
Demirezen Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ajda Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belgin Kaya is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylifer Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gihev Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erkut Gunes is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
Gediz Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
Manager of the Konak branch is Gizmen Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecehan Kuru is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Aba Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Inanna Yigit.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hayat Kocak is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Destecan Ay is dismissed from branch: Keles.
Cemalnur Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahar Aytac is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
There is no such employee.
Hincal Polat is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Madelet Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yazihan branch are: 60325
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Burak Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilferah Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derem Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
Ihsan Guler is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekenel Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 2714
Hurkan Aygun is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Total bonuses for the Mamak branch this month are: 2587
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 2933
There is no such employee.
Kaymak Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Elacık Guler is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Benan Uzun is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eti Karahan is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karsu Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sereflikochisar branch is Hincal Toprak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 3385
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delice Celik is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
Evin Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 3385
Eser Aslan is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch are: 63659
There is no such employee.
Ibrahim Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dildan Seker is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 3415
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Araban branch is Canel Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isinkan Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
Faik Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Giram Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canfeda Karakas is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch are: 59380
Total bonuses for the Mamak branch this month are: 2808
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dirlik Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylifer Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hatice Mengi is dismissed from branch: Keban.
Gokberk Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balca Buyuk is leaving from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
Gencal Kocak is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abak Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Göçer Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Adakli branch is Cankut Erkan.
Canay Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Cigli branch is Evin Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
Ferhunde Gunay is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karanfil Alkan is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
There is no such employee.
Maide Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Aykut Ozen.
Total bonuses for the Keles branch are: 60229
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hikmet Alp is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karsu Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalince Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aysun Ucar is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
Total bonuses for the Osmangazi branch this month are: 4185
There is no such employee.
Mayra Kaya is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başar Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilci Kilic is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Gezgin Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hulki Aslan is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eftal Toker is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aysel Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bakiye Tekin is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Ebrak Erkan.
There is no such employee.
Ermiye Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jalenur Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayvaz Erturk is dismissed from branch: Araban.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamide Karakas is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalım Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
Jutenya Aygun is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecrin Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aykut Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Hulki Uzun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daime Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Konak branch is Gizmen Aksu.
There is no such employee.
Hattat Uzun is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Manager of the Golbasi branch is Gokberk Karahan.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yedisu branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keban branch this month are: 0
Manager of the Torbali branch is Delistan Ozdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edebali Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Battalgazi branch is Halim Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadile Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbas Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ferhat Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Figen Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 0
Leylim Nas is dismissed from branch: Keles.
Faide Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erendil Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Belgi Kilic is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenler branch is Derem Acar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Memduha Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 202
Cankat Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bilal Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Lice.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 328
Ecehan Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belgin Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahar Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Figen Alkan is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Lice branch this month are: 91
Total bonuses for the Bahcelievler branch this month are: 357
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 562
Abakan/Abakay Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Bagcilar branch is Figen Aktas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hades Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mesudane Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
There is no such employee.
Farise Dede is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
Manager of the Adakli branch is Cankut Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karina Karahan is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Ezeli Aksoy.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 361
Manager of the Derinkuyu branch is Felek Koc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Meserret Durmaz.
Figen Mert is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Fazh Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Manager of the Sariyer branch is Fadile Demirci.
Hadra Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balin Demirci is dismissed from branch: Darende.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 508
There is no such employee.
Gizmen Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erhan Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Burç Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahrume Erkan is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edhem Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hayal Aktas is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Feleytun Kose is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Başak Aksoy.
Fatoş Demir is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 330
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazale Akbas is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
Bakanay Aytac is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Keriman Er is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fehim Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Lice branch this month are: 548
Manager of the Cermik branch is Alara Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 242
There is no such employee.
Leyla Duran is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
Total bonuses for the Kulp branch this month are: 465
There is no such employee.
Kardem Uzun is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kevser Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Araban branch is Canel Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakgüzar Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jarin Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Erendiz Kose.
Levin Ay is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Manager of the Esenler branch is Derem Acar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebrar Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatih Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Behçet Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 1240
Belen Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayfer Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Layza Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bahamra Acar is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
Mahmude Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Demirbilek Yuksel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İlkben Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baglar branch is Kamer Guler.
Manager of the Battalgazi branch is Halim Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
Aylin Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatih Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eylem Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Alara Avci is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Darende branch is Merzuka Ucar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Fatih branch is Ihsan Kara.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahir Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lavinya Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Darende branch is Merzuka Ucar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdibike Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aynur Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch are: 62651
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Burç Yildiran.
Mahur Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hincal Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Levzi Mengi is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Geray Sari is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Total bonuses for the Cinar branch this month are: 1136
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adakli branch is Cankut Erkan.
There is no such employee.
Medar Karakas is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ece Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 873
Adalan Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalince Sahin is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukorhan branch is Benan Toprak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahar Toprak is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
Karya Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Golbasi branch this month are: 1164
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fıda Gunes is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
There is no such employee.
Beha Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Behçet Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Demirbilek Yuksel.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Ezgi Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 1466
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berkay Tekin is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
Gazel Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hurel Genc is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Figen Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cenah Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 1003
There is no such employee.
Ishak Sahin is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 1093
Himmet Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sahinbey branch is Fidan Ay.
There is no such employee.
Abakan/Abakay Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Ayvaz Akpinar.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Ebrak Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eftal Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahperi Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isinsoy Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 724
There is no such employee.
Hamra Yigit is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
Hasret Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jiyan Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kestel branch this month are: 1383
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Mahzure Kilicaslan.
Total bonuses for the Tire branch this month are: 2065
Total bonuses for the Hacibektas branch this month are: 716
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karaca Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilhami Polat is dismissed from branch: Konak.
Total bonuses for the Beypazari branch this month are: 966
Derince Yasar is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bahcelievler branch this month are: 1614
There is no such employee.
Belen Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edgü Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
Hediye Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Evin Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hurkan Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Cinar branch are: 59429
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihlamur Balta is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyan Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferdi Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferahfeza Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 719
Manager of the Odemis branch is Cenah Kucuk.
Gale Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balin Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kadife Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch are: 64266
Dileda Gunes is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
Ilgi Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 2143
Esved Sari is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edayi Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Keles.
Dalan Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Giram Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hurkan Acar is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
Lİna Polat is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Aybars Kocak is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Torbali branch is Delistan Ozdemir.
There is no such employee.
Canalp Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Torbali branch this month are: 1418
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cubuk branch this month are: 1544
There is no such employee.
Hamit Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamaset Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Evin Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Dogansehir branch is Levin Oz.
There is no such employee.
Mahrem Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 2121
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Memduha Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yazihan branch this month are: 1758
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karen Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aleyna Karahan is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Baskın Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kulp branch this month are: 1832
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 1926
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lebriz Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavinya Gunes is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbas Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Karanfil Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
There is no such employee.
Ihya Sahin is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hacibektas branch this month are: 1711
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Katre Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lema Sahin is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
Ilgi Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 1737
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalayer Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Erdibike Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Ebed Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hiram Toprak is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebrak Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balkiz Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kahya Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Keles.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Melodi Akbas is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Ecrin Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 2026
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 2075
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elanaz Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Handan Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belen Yucel is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cankat Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Lamia Kara is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dündar Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Lice branch this month are: 2199
Ilham Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faruk Cicek is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Levin Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Karmen Kilic.
Adalet Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalince Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mecide Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Kevser Genc.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yesilyurt branch is Loya Cebeci.
Halilullah Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Fehim Aslan is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Akyurt branch this month are: 1932
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Torbali branch is Delistan Ozdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 1840
İlkben Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ajda Toker is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Deryab Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Dilbirin Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Mahru Kilicarslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Efehan Aydogan is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Battalgazi branch is Halim Yilmaz.
Karanfil Taskin is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasbek Sari is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dafne Elmas is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hacibektas branch this month are: 1929
Dafne Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
Fuad Cicek is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kulp branch this month are: 2479
There is no such employee.
Abakay Erkan is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kestel branch this month are: 3111
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Behin Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baskın Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Abak Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayfer Kuru is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Acigol branch is Fatma Ceylan.
Manager of the Dogansehir branch is Levin Oz.
Esmeray Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fidan Gul is dismissed from branch: Araban.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Donat Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 1986
Manager of the Akyurt branch is Lİna Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Efdal Aktas is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiyar Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Kaymak Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 2503
Jinsal Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Kagithane branch is Erkinay Cetin.
There is no such employee.
Başak Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gaye Gul is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
There is no such employee.
Hatunana Alkan is dismissed from branch: Araban.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Bahamra Nas.
Ekin Avci is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Manager of the Orhaneli branch is Fadime Aydin.
There is no such employee.
Fadime Cetin is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelin Erturk is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Acarbey Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 1950
Azad Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gaffur Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Irsad Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Canay Aktas is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikrettin Demir is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Efdal Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasibe Yigit is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
Ilgaz Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 2783
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 2124
Lemide Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sereflikochisar branch this month are: 2503
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 2204
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yedisu branch is Davud Ay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aygen Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 2423
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 2489
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Golbasi branch is Gokberk Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Can Gunay is dismissed from branch: Darende.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Levin Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanedan Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahzure Demirci is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Acigol branch this month are: 2604
Husamettin Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Isa Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Farik Elmas is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
Galip Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 2594
Bagatur Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Debernuş Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 2594
Manager of the Kartal branch is Baskın Aksoy.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch this month are: 3288
Manager of the Genc branch is Ece Guler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lerzan Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Kevser Genc.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dogansehir branch is Levin Oz.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 2760
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huray Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Kafiye Mengi.
There is no such employee.
Hurkan Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgaz Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 2223
Farika Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aydemir Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fadime Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huri Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Ecevit Ozturk.
There is no such employee.
Fulya Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sereflikochisar branch this month are: 2813
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatmanur Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ganime Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Total bonuses for the Beypazari branch this month are: 2013
Total bonuses for the Hacibektas branch this month are: 2509
Halim Sahin is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Aysel Buyuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Lice branch this month are: 3378
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elvan Ucar is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
Canfeda Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikri Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abendam Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bagcilar branch is Figen Aktas.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 2995
There is no such employee.
Enhar Sarac is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
There is no such employee.
Fazh Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Buyukorhan branch is Benan Toprak.
Total bonuses for the Keles branch this month are: 3407
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 2174
There is no such employee.
Ihvan Erkan is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acer Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Dilfigar Senol.
There is no such employee.
Karaca Balta is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kardelen Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakan Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canfeda Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Birol Mengi is dismissed from branch: Keles.
Acarbey Arslan is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilfiruz Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
Eylem Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Cavlan Gunes is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Total bonuses for the Kestel branch this month are: 4099
Manager of the Golbasi branch is Gokberk Karahan.
Insel Sahin is dismissed from branch: Tire.
Felek Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahiye Dede is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
There is no such employee.
Hamdullah Nas is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
İkbal Arslan is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Igdemir Gunes is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
There is no such employee.
Balin Dede is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 3728
Manager of the Baskil branch is Ezgi Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
Canalp Tekin is dismissed from branch: Keban.
Fahrettin Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Daime Ozdemir.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 2740
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Girin Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Felek Erkan.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 2433
Abdulhamit Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aygül Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jale Sarac is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Total bonuses for the Golbasi branch this month are: 2835
Total bonuses for the Yazihan branch this month are: 3594
Hadim Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatine Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Darin Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
Fadile Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fikrettin Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 3465
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huri Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Galip Elmas is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
Havle Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erim Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faide Gunay is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aydemir Gunes is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Ecevit Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 3110
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilci Toprak is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiyar Aygun is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Total bonuses for the Kuluncak branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
Hüdaverdi Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fecri Saglam is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Davud Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tire branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jade Elmas is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
There is no such employee.
Ganime Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Danyal Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 166
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch are: 61012
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazil Elmas is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bangu Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duru Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Pursaklar branch is Gani Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Füreyya Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 136
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gediz Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bakanay Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Halilullah Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukorhan branch this month are: 274
There is no such employee.
Huseyin Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Leyla Ipek is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
Manager of the Pursaklar branch is Gani Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cigli branch are: 67393
Ekmeleddin Tekin is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Lice branch is Karya Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Açelya Mert is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahamra Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dayehatun Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hikmet Aktas is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Manager of the Kuluncak branch is Gezer Duran.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Cannur Ozdemir.
There is no such employee.
Hacer Saglam is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbilge Aslan is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Manager of the Battalgazi branch is Halim Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilbirin Kocak is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Evrensel Erkan is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Kadife Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Kevser Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jengar Guler is dismissed from branch: Keles.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 263
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keban branch this month are: 402
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Levzi Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
Gelin Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Figen Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Faize Oz is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edhem Karakas is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch are: 63946
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gavsi Aydin is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Osmangazi branch is Kader Sari.
Total bonuses for the Buyukorhan branch this month are: 584
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Havle Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bergen Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jergar Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 926
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delal Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 858
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 382
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bagcilar branch this month are: 386
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 224
There is no such employee.
Fermande Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ayberk Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gogen Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gazel Yasar is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Eylem Sarac is dismissed from branch: Tire.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cankut Gunes is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylüfer Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Keles.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 313
There is no such employee.
Dalbaş Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Başak Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yesilyurt branch is Loya Cebeci.
Gelenay Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Lamiha Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Gewez Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch are: 59638
Total bonuses for the Hacibektas branch this month are: 545
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baharnaz Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iraz Elmas is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Doğannur Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
Abakan/Abakay Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch are: 69025
Durul Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Ezgi Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelincik Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faika Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 752
Manager of the Acigol branch is Fatma Ceylan.
Erna Elmas is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karya Avci is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 923
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenler branch is Derem Acar.
There is no such employee.
Bilal Karahan is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Istemihan Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
There is no such employee.
Fikret Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanife Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ermiye Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fidan Kaya is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
Total bonuses for the Mamak branch are: 60099
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Derinkuyu branch this month are: 1146
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilsozi Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukorhan branch is Benan Toprak.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch are: 62187
Fadıla Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceydacan Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 1197
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eti Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
Jarin Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abendam Erkan is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Adalet Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hakgüzar Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikri Er is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
Erkut Seker is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
There is no such employee.
Lamia Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
Fecir Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamra Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayhan Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cigli branch is Evin Durmaz.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch are: 67628
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kuluncak branch this month are: 1325
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Evgin Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch are: 66304
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Emel Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 1150
Dehan Acar is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
Bartu Gunay is promoted from Cook to Manager.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mamak branch this month are: 1645
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelin Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jengar Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Destecan Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 1366
There is no such employee.
Abat Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatoş Dede is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
There is no such employee.
Katun Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cazibe Yigit is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 753
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Felin Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Can Aydin is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakverdi Kocak is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
There is no such employee.
Halim Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hamit Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahiye Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Isa Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 1200
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dogansehir branch this month are: 1660
There is no such employee.
Diclehatun Aydin is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abat Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Doruk Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Fulya Yigit is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Aba Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
Hayal Kose is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Canhanım Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başağa Yasar is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Funda Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
Total bonuses for the Kuluncak branch this month are: 1808
There is no such employee.
Aysun Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 1422
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pursaklar branch this month are: 1738
There is no such employee.
Evin Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Araban.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilham Erturk is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebrar Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Erendiz Kose.
There is no such employee.
Faide Arslan is dismissed from branch: Darende.
Duran Sahin is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cinar branch this month are: 1541
There is no such employee.
Gazel Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Lice branch this month are: 1348
There is no such employee.
Erkinay Cetin is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Gilyas Ekinci is promoted from Cook to Manager.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 64659
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgaz Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 1166
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadil Arslan is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
Ira Genc is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 1901
There is no such employee.
Aydonat Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Darende branch is Merzuka Ucar.
Füreyya Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Elmadag branch are: 64313
Felit Aygun is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kulp branch this month are: 1970
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cenah Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 1413
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 1681
Manager of the Keles branch is Balin Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 1871
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fakirullah Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aber Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukorhan branch this month are: 1661
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 1983
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haldun Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhaneli branch this month are: 1385
Debernuş Aslan is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ezra Aslan is dismissed from branch: Konak.
Jenin Temel is dismissed from branch: Konak.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch are: 60532
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lamiye Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cigli branch this month are: 1716
Dilfigar Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 3126
There is no such employee.
Kader Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 1795
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Medar Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Fenniye Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilcan Ozen is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Isa Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Kafiye Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aleyna Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bilal Er is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jehat Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dündar Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceren Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Benay Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
Demiralp Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dogansehir branch this month are: 2297
Hincal Sari is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Total bonuses for the Yesilyurt branch are: 65606
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baglar branch is Kamer Guler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jefi Taskin is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habib Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 1792
There is no such employee.
Isinsoy Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dündar Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Melike Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihya Arslan is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
Insel Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Mahbube Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fermani Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihsan Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 1638
There is no such employee.
Dileda Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Emetullah Elmas is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Total bonuses for the Torbali branch this month are: 2331
There is no such employee.
Ilcan Mert is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokay Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch are: 64988
Aygül Koc is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huray Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Birol Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Darende branch is Merzuka Ucar.
There is no such employee.
Cankat Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Derya Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Lice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fidan Aytac is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
Dal Acar is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihsan Aktas is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fena Sahin is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
Deran Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yazihan branch this month are: 2668
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cubuk branch this month are: 2231
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derin Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karadut Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fena Erkan is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
Girin Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aydonat Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deryanur Yigit is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
Darin Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elvan Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Emetullah Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Lice.
Evgin Ari is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch are: 61580
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch are: 62943
There is no such employee.
Evgin Kuru is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 2428
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavanta Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 2891
Manager of the Sahinbey branch is Fidan Ay.
Derman Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Barut Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Füreyya Kilic is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
Manager of the Kuluncak branch is Gezer Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 2778
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Damra Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebecen Celik is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Lalin Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belgi Cicek is dismissed from branch: Keban.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 1430
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 1430
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 1704
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilhami Akbas is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
There is no such employee.
Daya Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Mahzure Kilicaslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iyiturk Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 2554
Demiralp Toprak is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Faide Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cesme branch this month are: 3158
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 1886
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Firuz Avci is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
There is no such employee.
Fazil Arslan is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Dilkeste Duran.
Erendil Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Insel Elmas is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
Ekmeleddin Gunes is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 2503
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bakanay Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 2585
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalım Polat is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazil Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irak Ozen is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 2931
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceydacan Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karmen Yasar is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
There is no such employee.
Aydonat Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Habide Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Damla Temel is dismissed from branch: Lice.
There is no such employee.
Dilemma Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 2726
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacil Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
Farah Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 2726
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jinsal Ipek is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Mahiye Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feleytun Kaya is dismissed from branch: Tire.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 2583
Manager of the Mamak branch is Faize Guler.
Kavin Kose is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
Gece Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sereflikochisar branch this month are: 3980
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balca Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Araban.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch this month are: 3008
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 2927
Belemir Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Firuz Gunay is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 2967
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch are: 69668
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habibullah Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Asuman Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eser Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cannur Aydin is dismissed from branch: Keles.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faize Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
Faize Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karin Seker is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Torbali branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamis Genc is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 19
There is no such employee.
Ezgi Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadra Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fulya Koc is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abat Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiyar Gunes is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
Berkan Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feza Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isinsoy Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 201
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 89
Demirezen Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dirim Gul is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ira Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hidayet Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdi Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faika Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Tire.
There is no such employee.
Filiz Gul is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İffet Sarac is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbad Yasar is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
Faika Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fırtına Aytac is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Osmangazi branch are: 62540
There is no such employee.
Abgun Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kardelen Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abbad Dede is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elvan Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bahise Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch are: 68954
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Pursaklar branch is Gani Durmaz.
Ezra Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayla Alkan is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fulya Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hanbey Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kardan Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
Kamuran Cetin is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
There is no such employee.
Ferhunde Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karmen Alp is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hursit Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Danyal Koc is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baran Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 575
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazel Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Ebed Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
Gencal Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ejder Er is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Durul Genc is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Alev Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Buyukorhan branch this month are: 1033
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Layza Nas is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gamze Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Asiye Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazire Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Habil Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
Ebyar Ozen is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cilvekar Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İlkben Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bediz Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fadime Taskin is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadime Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Lice.
Leyla Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ergin Kuru is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
There is no such employee.
Can Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Mayra Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Göçmen Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Larissa Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Harika Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazi Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 1404
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aytekin Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Firuze Gul is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Durul Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fulya Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ezeli Yucel is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
Dirok Akbas is dismissed from branch: Darende.
There is no such employee.
Fahir Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Gizmen Tuncer.
Manager of the Cesme branch is Bartu Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başak Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Behçet Senol is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Darcan Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kısmet Ozen is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Figen Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ayla Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
Bakanay Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elbek Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
Fahri Mengi is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 1756
There is no such employee.
Dayehatun Arslan is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
Manager of the Keles branch is Balin Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 1562
Manager of the Baglar branch is Kamer Guler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 1084
Melodi Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Keriman Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 1484
Karya Yasar is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Iraz Dede is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
Banu Saglam is dismissed from branch: Keles.
Egezade Karahan is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
Feyzullah Sahin is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenler branch is Derem Acar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belemir Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hizir Gunes is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belgi Koc is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
Faraziye Yigit is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanedan Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sereflikochisar branch is Hincal Toprak.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Gizmen Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gezgin Tekin is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
Ekenel Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lavinya Yasar is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Manager of the Kulp branch is Derin Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdibike Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Golbasi branch is Gokberk Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Demirbilek Yuksel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Erendiz Kose.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canan Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gıyas Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İffet Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cubuk branch is Damla Alkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irmak Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 1993
Giram Aydin is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavanta Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hafız Ipek is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
Iyiturk Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hakverdi Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Diba Ari is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abuşka Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erensu Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edhem Ozen is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Erendiz Kose.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ildir Alp is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iris Ozen is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebed Duran is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Ilgat Yasar is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Gazele Sahin is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derince Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ira Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakim Taskin is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferid Avci is dismissed from branch: Lice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haveri Ay is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 2008
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dirlik Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belgi Karahan is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
Kamuran Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
Ecevit Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Derinkuyu branch this month are: 1822
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karin Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Faraziye Duran is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
Manager of the Elmadag branch is Hurol Yucel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eceseren Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 2515
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Ayvaz Akpinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Dilkeste Duran.
Burak Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
Feyza Dag is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebecen Gunay is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Manager of the Dogansehir branch is Levin Oz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Harika Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daim Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gazale Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hazan Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aysu Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 2820
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feridun Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
Dilemma Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 2808
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch are: 67908
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Erinç Akpinar.
Emel Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Alara Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahrume Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Burç Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Fariha Saglam is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Keles branch is Balin Durmaz.
Ecesoy Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecem Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Gizmen Tuncer.
Manager of the Buyukorhan branch is Benan Toprak.
Abakay Gunes is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hacibektas branch is Kardelen Ari.
Cihanay Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 66757
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Meserret Durmaz.
Lerze Oz is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Girin Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Giram Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abay Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbase Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Darende.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Etfal Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Etkin Acar is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Ildem Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
There is no such employee.
Hurel Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Aygen Sari is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
There is no such employee.
Ilci Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalayer Senol is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
Fahri Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahibe Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahrem Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
Lema Gunay is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Erendiz Kose.
There is no such employee.
Fikri Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecenaz Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Barut Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
Barut Genc is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecrin Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 2136
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavanta Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bangu Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jaledar Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cihanay Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Aysel Gul is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 3658
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ildir Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kuluncak branch is Gezer Duran.
There is no such employee.
Kamelya Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mesudane Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hacibektas branch is Kardelen Ari.
Jeyan Yigit is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
Manager of the Cesme branch is Bartu Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Idris Polat is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Egezade Sahin is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dogansehir branch this month are: 2533
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdenay Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Leyli Ozen is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baha Sari is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Evren branch is Ihya Cetin.
There is no such employee.
Dilferah Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haktan Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Ihlamur Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Daltekin Ipek is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
Ecir Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gani Kose is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
Aytekin Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jale Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Girin Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylüfer Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferah Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fermande Gunay is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
Manager of the Bagcilar branch is Figen Aktas.
There is no such employee.
Eylem Arslan is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
Erdoğan Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukorhan branch is Benan Toprak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Azad Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
There is no such employee.
Dalbaş Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abaza Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Birol Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canhanım Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Osmangazi branch this month are: 2757
There is no such employee.
Afet Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
Himmet Balta is dismissed from branch: Darende.
Badem Kuru is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebrar Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Afitap Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
Hacı Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
Hadice Ucar is dismissed from branch: Darende.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ganimet Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
There is no such employee.
Dilsozi Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irtek Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cankut Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fırat Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Canfeza Balta is dismissed from branch: Darende.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayra Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hulki Elmas is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
There is no such employee.
Maide Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gorani Genc is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Birmen Sahin is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balin Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bergen Aydin is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erna Acar is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Esmeray Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
Dildar Erkan is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
Gogen Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feza Nas is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Davud Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch are: 69422
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayfer Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kafiye Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch are: 69041
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilal Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Macide Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hilal Cetin is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Evgin Ozen is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahriye Acar is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
Itri Kaya is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 3469
Dildan Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 3523
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazire Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Devrim Koc is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceydanur Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
There is no such employee.
Hamit Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hasbek Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilferah Ozen is dismissed from branch: Darende.
Gogen Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dilfigar Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kulp branch is Derin Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilkat Erkan is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkiz Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Canfeza Toprak.
There is no such employee.
Girin Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karanfil Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Tire.
Lalin Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Daristan Tekin is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamelya Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamide Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yesilyurt branch this month are: 4767
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leman Taskin is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Inanna Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isinsoy Sarac is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fecri Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Destan Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lebibe Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daristan Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdibike Oz is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
Evgin Yucel is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Baskın Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gelincik Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kezban Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hamide Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delfin Toker is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukorhan branch this month are: 4453
Dirim Dag is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kestel branch this month are: 2816
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acarbike Gunay is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
There is no such employee.
Leman Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhaneli branch this month are: 4388
İlkben Alp is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 4007
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tire branch this month are: 3968
Mensure Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Keban.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derince Dede is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ece Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferah Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Keles branch is Balin Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Pursaklar branch is Gani Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 4198
Total bonuses for the Sereflikochisar branch this month are: 4403
Hadra Alp is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gorani Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Firdevsi Yigit is dismissed from branch: Darende.
Dilfeza Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Delfin Aksu is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kader Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leman Ay is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
Fıda Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dogansehir branch is Levin Oz.
Fazıl Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
Hejmar Uzun is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
There is no such employee.
Lal Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Canfeza Toprak.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Erinç Akpinar.
There is no such employee.
Abay Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilbirin Kocak is dismissed from branch: Araban.
Abakay Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Barbaros Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yedisu branch is Davud Ay.
Dilkeste Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Baharnaz Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gihev Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Afet Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulrezzak Kuru is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Egealp Sari is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
Ferda Aygun is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
Lerzan Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Egezade Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cubuk branch are: 68679
Ilbey Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelincik Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanedan Ozen is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Abakan/Abakay Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
Duran Celik is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 3105
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gediz Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lİna Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bilal Aytac is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
Leyal Aslan is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edahses Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Iris Nas is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 4072
There is no such employee.
Haki Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acarhatun Saglam is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilfeza Genc is dismissed from branch: Araban.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karsel Guler is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Furkan Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilham Mengi is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
Ayvaz Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dirlik Toker is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Asiye Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jutenya Ari is dismissed from branch: Araban.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Kevser Genc.
There is no such employee.
Geray Dede is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
Derya Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Furkan Polat is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdoğan Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 0
Manager of the Araban branch is Canel Aydemir.
Deli Arslan is dismissed from branch: Tire.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Başak Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karin Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadis Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iras Sarac is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
Erhan Koc is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dirok Aytac is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 234
There is no such employee.
Basim Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamra Mengi is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karsel Mengi is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
There is no such employee.
Ersevim Kara is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canipek Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Aysel Buyuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daristan Alp is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Durukan Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihya Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Darende branch is Merzuka Ucar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Macide Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
There is no such employee.
Figen Yasar is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdi Acar is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cezire Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokben Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgaz Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahperi Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
Fecir Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Dilbirin Aydin.
Demir Erturk is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kulp branch is Derin Seker.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 397
There is no such employee.
Ferhunde Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahbube Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazi Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mamak branch is Faize Guler.
Azmi Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fıda Erturk is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilfiruz Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyan Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
Merze Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daristan Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Elmadag branch is Hurol Yucel.
Lavinya Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dogansehir branch are: 63959
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habil Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 222
There is no such employee.
Fehim Balta is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Total bonuses for the Hacibektas branch this month are: 708
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elmira Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hayat Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Diba Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch are: 71893
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekim Polat is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 485
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 886
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 389
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Doğannur Aslan is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Katmer Elmas is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bediz Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Akyurt branch this month are: 903
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Evgin Aydin is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahibe Oz is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch are: 71302
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irmak Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Total bonuses for the Hacibektas branch are: 67401
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 1238
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belgi Ipek is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Ezeli Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Afet Avci is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Canfeza Toprak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cansel Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferid Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canela Polat is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecrin Kaya is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
Ebubekir Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Balca Acar is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
Girgin Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
Hafize Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadime Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Layza Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berkay Dag is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
Acarhatun Kuru is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
Mahru Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
Ihya Temel is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bagcilar branch this month are: 1117
There is no such employee.
Ferhan Demir is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukorhan branch this month are: 963
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fakirullah Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
Erhan Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keban branch this month are: 933
Lerzan Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Fırat Demirci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jengar Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Araban.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yazihan branch is Hamza Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abad Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Keriman Gunes is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 860
Hanedan Seker is dismissed from branch: Araban.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 791
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canel Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihlamur Kara is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ifakat Demir is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Dijdar Erturk is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Ecem Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 1603
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch are: 76502
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canane Cetin is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aleyna Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Dilkeste Duran.
Mahibe Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilfigar Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahiye Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Fırat Demirci.
Manager of the Yesilyurt branch is Loya Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Felek Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilaydin Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilay Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Behçet Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 1171
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kuluncak branch is Gezer Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Janseli Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lebriz Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
Hadim Erkan is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
Canfeda Demirci is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Hale Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Macide Mert is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 1971
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kulp branch this month are: 1004
There is no such employee.
Izgutay Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Ebrak Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Janbek Kilic is dismissed from branch: Lice.
Manager of the Kuluncak branch is Gezer Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hattat Kaya is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Benan Toker is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Felit Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
There is no such employee.
Fahri Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Huseyin Sahin is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dogansehir branch this month are: 1155
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bagcilar branch this month are: 2055
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kaymak Ipek is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Ebed Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakay Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Dilbirin Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Beliz Sari is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Badem Gunes is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
There is no such employee.
Erim Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Keles.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Keles branch is Balin Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Donat Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Elmira Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fekahet Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dogansehir branch are: 65341
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Asuman Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
Elbek Aygun is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
Galip Er is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Gihev Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sahinbey branch is Fidan Ay.
Aysel Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazil Balta is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Dilbirin Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cannur Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bagatur Celik is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
Aydin Yigit is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch are: 73185
Hincal Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecir Oz is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jefi Dag is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cemalnur Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Başak Aksoy.
Gaffur Tekin is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 1115
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Alara Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Celile Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canperver Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadriye Aktas is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahur Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Figen Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Lice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cannur Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahmude Karakas is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aysu Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakay Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Banu Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Basim Koc is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
There is no such employee.
Dünya Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelincik Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazel Saglam is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gaye Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
Canela Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Debernuş Kaya is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Belgi Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cigli branch this month are: 2592
Donat Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 1681
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dirim Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
Aykut Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lerzan Nas is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beypazari branch this month are: 2634
Manager of the Yesilyurt branch is Loya Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fariha Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pursaklar branch this month are: 2046
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Keriman Kara is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 1551
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekin Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Orhaneli branch this month are: 2263
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başar Koc is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 2957
Medar Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cigli branch this month are: 2819
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 3392
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacı Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cesme branch this month are: 1614
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erna Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
Dildan Alkan is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
Aytekin Saglam is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 2758
There is no such employee.
Cezire Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkoç Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
Laylank Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
Delice Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belen Aktas is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dahiye Oz is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdal Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Derinkuyu branch this month are: 2484
Habide Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berke Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
Gamze Demir is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Filizer Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylan Tekin is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
Kayla Mengi is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 73504
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecegül Kara is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dijdar Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Total bonuses for the Elmadag branch are: 73693
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dahiye Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Efdal Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ilkcan Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 2969
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Akyurt branch this month are: 3151
There is no such employee.
Enginsel Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamelya Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cigli branch this month are: 3371
Damla Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Bahariye Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karaca Arslan is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
Baharcan Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Levzi Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Ebed Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İffet Karakas is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Fitnat Cicek is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sariyer branch is Fadile Demirci.
Mefharet Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Mahru Kilicarslan.
Elanaz Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tire branch are: 76418
Total bonuses for the Yedisu branch this month are: 3245
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch are: 70474
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feza Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahur Yasar is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belgi Balta is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Filizer Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 2448
Mahbube Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasibe Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 3615
There is no such employee.
Canalp Ay is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Basri Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Felit Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatine Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Battalgazi branch is Halim Yilmaz.
Efdal Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilsafa Polat is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Total bonuses for the Osmangazi branch this month are: 2886
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Janseli Ozen is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdullah Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Pursaklar branch is Gani Durmaz.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 3086
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canece Kuru is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aydonat Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erkinay Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hikmet Yasar is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Dilfiruz Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Ikan Duran is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
Afitap Er is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 3460
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Burç Yildiran.
Leylim Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fırat Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Idris Yigit is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
Debernuş Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Garibe Celik is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keles branch this month are: 3632
Fenni Temel is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Ecenaz Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Canan Toker is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
There is no such employee.
Daim Polat is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Davud Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bagcilar branch this month are: 4010
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 2413
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 2520
There is no such employee.
Bahiye Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Keban.
Aylin Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Golbasi branch this month are: 3377
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Acigol branch this month are: 3696
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Erinç Akpinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Atilla Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Funda Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadime Koc is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
Ertunga Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakikat Yigit is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
Hikmet Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Macide Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Merzuka Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gencay Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Madelet Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamiyet Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 2824
Cannur Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Araban branch is Canel Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
Ilhami Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 4135
There is no such employee.
Huseyin Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkoç Genc is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 4098
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecmel Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 3616
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cigli branch is Evin Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Evrensel Karakas is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Mayra Duran is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Destan Gunes is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ezgi Duran is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 4114
Lara Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Melike Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bagcilar branch this month are: 4697
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokberk Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Hulki Uzun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cubuk branch this month are: 3817
There is no such employee.
Latife Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hayriye Er is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Cannur Ozdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ildir Kilic is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edra Sari is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habib Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Hacibektas branch is Kardelen Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukorhan branch this month are: 3257
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cinar branch is Danyal Korkmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karsu Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gaffar Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Cesme branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 78
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baha Sahin is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
There is no such employee.
Fıda Saglam is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 0
Duman Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
Baharcan Cicek is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 73885
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aybars Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazele Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
Itri Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 309
Gencal Yasar is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 411
There is no such employee.
Kezban Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Konak.
Berk Oz is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch are: 76871
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tire branch this month are: 156
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Firdevsi Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahmude Aygun is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
There is no such employee.
Gihev Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Merzuka Ucar is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
Azmi Kuru is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baran Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beypazari branch this month are: 19
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mensure Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
Esved Gul is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
Canal Kara is dismissed from branch: Lice.
Doğannur Gul is dismissed from branch: Lice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cubuk branch are: 73597
There is no such employee.
Durukan Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
Berkay Aygun is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Göçer Dede is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pursaklar branch this month are: 247
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ertan Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Golbasi branch are: 74072
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keban branch are: 84284
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelincik Erturk is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhan Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Ilaydin Erturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feleytun Kaya is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cinar branch are: 73300
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 314
There is no such employee.
Halim Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamiyet Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Handan Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Habibullah Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Burç Yildiran.
There is no such employee.
Gihev Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Galip Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delfin Alkan is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferruh Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bakiye Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecrin Oz is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
Total bonuses for the Sehitkamil branch are: 70137
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazele Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baskın Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bagcilar branch is Figen Aktas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Azad Tekin is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Arzu Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatma Dede is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazel Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dirim Elmas is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Faide Ari is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
Ebyar Avci is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gece Kaya is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 80
Total bonuses for the Cesme branch are: 71553
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch are: 74710
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelincik Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sariyer branch is Fadile Demirci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gerçek Gunay is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 683
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Keban branch is Dünya Acar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Golbasi branch is Gokberk Karahan.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Lice branch are: 80254
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Torbali branch this month are: 1114
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahbube Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
There is no such employee.
Mahbube Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Burak Aytac is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 1077
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edebali Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 962
There is no such employee.
Lamia Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 918
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Acigol branch is Fatma Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edra Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazire Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Osmangazi branch this month are: 203
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gogen Celik is dismissed from branch: Araban.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadik Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
Bahise Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yazihan branch this month are: 1925
Baskın Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
Bakanay Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Osmangazi branch is Kader Sari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dehna Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukorhan branch are: 79466
Kavin Koc is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bakiye Erkan is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Daim Aktas is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
Ayaz Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aleyna Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Havva Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Lice.
Faize Cetin is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahrur Er is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadil Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
There is no such employee.
Lerzan Ay is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhan Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gerçek Aygun is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
Karin Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fakri Ipek is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
Havin Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Latife Kara is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Danyal Gunay is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Figen Temel is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazele Genc is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kuluncak branch this month are: 952
Ilcan Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ganime Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cubuk branch are: 74305
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erim Alp is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fena Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Acigol branch this month are: 1462
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Figen Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Firdevsi Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahariye Akbas is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Felek Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch this month are: 1153
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başağa Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Etfal Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Battalgazi branch are: 77474
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baharnaz Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 1913
There is no such employee.
Aber Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bahriye Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahizar Kaya is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch are: 71830
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bagcilar branch this month are: 1316
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch are: 79722
There is no such employee.
Huseyin Alkan is dismissed from branch: Araban.
Total bonuses for the Keles branch this month are: 2350
There is no such employee.
Ildir Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erinç Acar is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Abbase Cetin is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bozkaya Koc is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
Manager of the Derinkuyu branch is Felek Koc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalayer Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Kafiye Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ertan Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Derinkuyu branch this month are: 1613
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hulki Gunay is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 2257
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eğmen Elmas is dismissed from branch: Lice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fuzuli Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahmude Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch are: 78841
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Darende branch this month are: 1320
Huray Aktas is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Fulya Ipek is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadriye Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aygül Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daime Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canalp Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch are: 80459
Ekim Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
Behçet Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahru Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Keban.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Dilfigar Senol.
Total bonuses for the Darende branch are: 77232
Barut Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 2509
Gale Saglam is dismissed from branch: Darende.
Total bonuses for the Akyurt branch are: 79372
There is no such employee.
Hadra Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 1656
Dilfeza Elmas is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Debernuş Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dafne Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Durul Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Efehan Cicek is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Manager of the Cinar branch is Danyal Korkmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dijdar Kose is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
There is no such employee.
Ayaz Dag is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
Mahizar Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Giram Koc is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
Total bonuses for the Buyukorhan branch are: 80016
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 1748
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 2450
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadra Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Cubuk branch is Damla Alkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hulusi Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 2476
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cannur Nas is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Aykut Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elvan Balta is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
Total bonuses for the Cubuk branch this month are: 1323
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihsan Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch are: 77512
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylak Tekin is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kaymak Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Enginsel Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 76392
Birsoy Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dogansehir branch are: 69528
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eftal Balta is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 2081
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahzure Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Karanfil Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canela Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
Hafize Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulhamit Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jasmin Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 2740
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Havle Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cesme branch this month are: 1500
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cinar branch are: 76548
Abdulhamit Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kuluncak branch this month are: 2099
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aysel Ay is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
Total bonuses for the Sehitkamil branch this month are: 2439
Iknat Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Karmen Kilic.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalan Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Girin Erkan is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jinsal Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukorhan branch this month are: 2061
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 1460
Dileda Cicek is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
Fırtına Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 3037
There is no such employee.
Kayra Demir is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edaay Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Havva Ipek is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berat Dede is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dogansehir branch this month are: 2496
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cezmiye Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
Madelet Yigit is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belde Seker is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jarin Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Golbasi branch is Gokberk Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelincik Senol is dismissed from branch: Keles.
There is no such employee.
Habibullah Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilaydin Erturk is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Evin Aygun is promoted from Cook to Manager.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamdullah Acar is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Duman Gunay is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavin Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilal Sahin is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanbeğendi Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Abdi Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Ekmeleddin Sarac is dismissed from branch: Darende.
Gihev Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Leyli Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Keles.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fidan Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Harika Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 2858
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 4084
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Celile Polat is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Dorukhan Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Asiye Demirci is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Istemihan Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eren Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Meserret Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 77990
Aykut Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ajda Polat is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faraziye Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecesoy Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abendam Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hacil Aytac is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
Filiz Demir is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fuzuli Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gorani Duran is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
There is no such employee.
Cannur Nas is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Hayriye Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Derinkuyu branch are: 74992
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tire branch this month are: 2970
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Evin Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cubuk branch are: 75747
Jade Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karya Toprak is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch are: 78791
Ersevim Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canay Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Atilla Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bilal Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Janseli Gunay is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Ayvaz Akpinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilsozi Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhunde Kose is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Akyurt branch is Lİna Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fahir Ozen is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hafsa Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecevit Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edhem Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch are: 75643
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sehitkamil branch is Farika Oz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Hamide Temel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cannur Dede is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Manager of the Osmangazi branch is Kader Sari.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 190
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Osmangazi branch are: 73964
Farik Arslan is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Ferhan Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Aba Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Felit Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 371
There is no such employee.
Isfendiyar Aygun is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Akyurt branch is Lİna Yilmaz.
Bakanay Gunes is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkoç Oz is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 77990
Kamuran Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edhem Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 532
There is no such employee.
Medar Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch are: 75861
Edaay Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilkat Nas is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sahinbey branch is Fidan Ay.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 24
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Kafiye Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Elmadag branch this month are: 600
Basim Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keban branch are: 88301
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakan Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch are: 79353
There is no such employee.
Jalenur Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bilal Seker is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Ezgi Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aylin Kilic is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavinya Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
Karin Oz is dismissed from branch: Lice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbilge Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Ecehan Ucar is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
Evin Yigit is dismissed from branch: Lice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch are: 81418
Total bonuses for the Derinkuyu branch are: 75421
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pursaklar branch this month are: 706
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 320
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Ecevit Ozturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 517
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erendiz Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch are: 81246
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Durul Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Ezgi Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylifer Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gaye Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalım Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Golbasi branch is Gokberk Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Husamettin Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 78330
Ebecen Kuru is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch are: 76088
Doğannur Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kulp branch this month are: 1221
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Darin Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 602
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derin Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kuluncak branch this month are: 928
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayvaz Alkan is dismissed from branch: Keles.
Jefi Duran is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lİla Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyla Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 1092
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Lice branch is Karya Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihya Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakgüzar Temel is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
Farik Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
Total bonuses for the Sehitkamil branch this month are: 896
There is no such employee.
Eylem Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
Ferhat Akbas is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Total bonuses for the Torbali branch this month are: 755
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahinur Polat is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Alara Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch are: 78005
Aybars Balta is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalince Erturk is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
Keriman Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhaneli branch is Fadime Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Kafiye Mengi.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Fırat Demirci.
There is no such employee.
Demiralp Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Merze Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokberk Temel is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Total bonuses for the Hacibektas branch this month are: 1527
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdal Gurbuz is leaving from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Garabed Taskin is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
Dalan Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Baskın Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalbaş Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 760
There is no such employee.
Meral Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Keles branch is Balin Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bahcelievler branch are: 79911
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erensu Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 1171
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kuluncak branch is Gezer Duran.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch are: 82149
There is no such employee.
Feleytun Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Hamide Temel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ira Temel is dismissed from branch: Darende.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch are: 80329
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch are: 78646
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 853
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Darcan Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Keban branch is Dünya Acar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 1146
There is no such employee.
Istemihan Alkan is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Battalgazi branch this month are: 1867
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jinmir Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Aykut Ozen.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Burç Yildiran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 1329
Geray Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gece Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Dogansehir branch this month are: 1078
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cenah Toprak is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
Hadim Guler is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 1455
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keban branch this month are: 825
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yazihan branch this month are: 854
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceydanur Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dildar Arslan is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 2227
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sereflikochisar branch is Hincal Toprak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canperver Gunes is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gevher Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanif Toker is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Dilkeste Duran.
There is no such employee.
Memduha Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gelenay Mert is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
Faden Sarac is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Cannur Ozdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erhan Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Derinkuyu branch is Felek Koc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Lice branch this month are: 1837
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 1435
There is no such employee.
Hakim Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gelincik Yasar is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Medar Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kulp branch is Derin Seker.
Manager of the Acigol branch is Fatma Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazilet Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferzin Aktas is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fenni Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Lemide Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
Gani Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Birol Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Battalgazi branch are: 82126
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Himmet Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahtiyar Gunay is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 1975
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 1307
There is no such employee.
Eti Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keles branch this month are: 1862
Manager of the Beypazari branch is Isinkan Senol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayla Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Mahru Kilicarslan.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Ayvaz Akpinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baha Aksu is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Isinkan Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilcan Aytac is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadime Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 1770
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Darende branch this month are: 1447
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch are: 74283
Leylifer Alp is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hacibektas branch this month are: 2314
Faide Guler is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
Deli Aslan is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sahinbey branch is Fidan Ay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Aykut Ozen.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Gizmen Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bahcelievler branch this month are: 990
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch are: 76850
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 1759
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cigli branch is Evin Durmaz.
Dalince Er is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 79861
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kestel branch this month are: 2122
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 1192
There is no such employee.
Aydemir Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyla Ay is leaving from branch: Arguvan.
Ganimet Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 2162
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irsad Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bilal Mert is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
Jefi Seker is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch are: 85714
Gencaslan Gunes is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gizer Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keban branch are: 89858
Katmer Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derem Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Yazihan branch are: 82083
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 2292
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Kevser Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bahcelievler branch is Bergen Mengi.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Aysel Buyuk.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Torbali branch this month are: 2459
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kuluncak branch are: 79140
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Inanna Yigit.
Derya Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iyiturk Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
Total bonuses for the Araban branch this month are: 1189
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 2526
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hacibektas branch this month are: 2641
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cubuk branch this month are: 2802
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatmanur Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abduş Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bagcilar branch is Figen Aktas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berke Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Daime Ozdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pursaklar branch are: 77088
Total bonuses for the Darende branch are: 80478
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch are: 76811
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keles branch this month are: 2513
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Beliz Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyan Yasar is dismissed from branch: Lice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kulp branch this month are: 3468
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Dilbirin Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch are: 79599
Jefi Avci is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Asiye Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baglar branch is Kamer Guler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Behin Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch are: 79419
There is no such employee.
Hayriye Sahin is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Inanna Yigit.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mesudane Karahan is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
Mahiye Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derem Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gazel Temel is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 2900
Abak Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abat Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Kuluncak branch is Gezer Duran.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch are: 78243
There is no such employee.
Jerfi Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yedisu branch are: 85536
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huseyin Aksu is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
Fazh Gunay is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mamak branch this month are: 3095
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kulp branch is Derin Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 2632
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ejder Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 2992
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 3086
Total bonuses for the Yedisu branch this month are: 3397
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cinar branch this month are: 3051
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sehitkamil branch are: 74616
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 2992
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demir Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 2524
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fer Saglam is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erksin Ipek is dismissed from branch: Keban.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 2776
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 3548
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Demirbilek Yuksel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feridun Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Durul Yigit is dismissed from branch: Lice.
There is no such employee.
Fermani Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sereflikochisar branch this month are: 2389
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch are: 83316
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 2617
Manager of the Acigol branch is Fatma Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
Fırat Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch are: 84652
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Caneda Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bagcilar branch are: 80797
Ekenel Genc is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Canfeza Toprak.
Aytunç Ay is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fahir Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bahcelievler branch is Bergen Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbase Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Bahcelievler branch is Bergen Mengi.
Manager of the Sehitkamil branch is Farika Oz.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 2695
Dilfeza Ari is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 2709
There is no such employee.
Canel Elmas is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Acarbike Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Hulki Uzun.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhaneli branch is Fadime Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Meriç Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Aynur Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mediha Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keles branch are: 82401
There is no such employee.
Gazel Kuru is dismissed from branch: Keban.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Derinkuyu branch are: 77317
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Cenah Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Darende branch this month are: 2788
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adakli branch is Cankut Erkan.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kuluncak branch are: 80344
There is no such employee.
Gazel Er is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
Abdulrezzak Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Araban.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch are: 87490
There is no such employee.
Berke Dag is dismissed from branch: Lice.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Karmen Kilic.
Demiralp Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Melike Yigit is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hidayet Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 3920
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cankat Karahan is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kuluncak branch is Gezer Duran.
Fenni Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jaledar Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayhan Aslan is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kuluncak branch is Gezer Duran.
Isinkan Gunes is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cigli branch this month are: 3206
Manager of the Darende branch is Merzuka Ucar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadife Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Destan Senol is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecem Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gavsi Gul is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Derin Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fezai Aydin is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Deli Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dünya Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mamak branch is Faize Guler.
Başağa Gunes is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Daime Guler is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
Bozdemir Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatma Erkan is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
Elanaz Aygun is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
Kahya Aydin is dismissed from branch: Keles.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gediz Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gaffar Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Battalgazi branch is Halim Yilmaz.
Dilsozi Ay is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edayi Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
Fadik Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 3725
There is no such employee.
Hidayet Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sahinbey branch is Fidan Ay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazi Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebrar Polat is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haktan Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gavsi Mengi is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadil Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
Galip Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch are: 83964
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Benay Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Destan Aslan.
Canperver Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edaay Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Tire.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecebay Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Ebed Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Füreyya Kose is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Manager of the Yazihan branch is Hamza Karahan.
There is no such employee.
Kamuran Sarac is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
İkbal Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Kevser Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch are: 85637
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Dilkeste Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dehna Guler is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilci Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hazal Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yedisu branch are: 87218
Ceydacan Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ezeli Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berkan Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Bagcilar branch is Figen Aktas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukorhan branch are: 85251
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iras Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Figen Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Tire.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkoç Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Basri Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Azmi Toker is leaving from branch: Eyup.
Cannur Taskin is dismissed from branch: Darende.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanife Gunay is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tire branch is Elacık Elmas.
Total bonuses for the Darende branch are: 82587
There is no such employee.
Ecmel Aydin is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Dilbirin Aydin.
Ezgi Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
Kamuran Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahmure Elmas is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halef Akbas is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karsel Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lale Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Karmen Kilic.
Canela Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demirbilek Duran is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sereflikochisar branch is Hincal Toprak.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Konak branch is Gizmen Aksu.
There is no such employee.
Ferhunde Demirci is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
There is no such employee.
Fıda Acar is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Felin Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cankut Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Kafiye Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gavsi Tekin is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baharcan Sari is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Cenah Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 1037
Gazi Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Fatih branch is Ihsan Kara.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fakihe Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tire branch is Elacık Elmas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aylin Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Abadan Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Kafiye Mengi.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Mahru Kilicarslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bediz Erturk is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Keban branch is Dünya Acar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jilda Tekin is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Osmangazi branch are: 78869
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dogansehir branch this month are: 1312
Manager of the Orhaneli branch is Fadime Aydin.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Kevser Genc.
There is no such employee.
Evrensel Gunes is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch are: 80331
Fahir Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bakanay Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Baskın Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bilal Ay is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
Erinç Gunes is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Garibe Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sereflikochisar branch are: 84144
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Kafiye Mengi.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 2153
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lamia Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch are: 83142
There is no such employee.
Ayhan Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lal Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tire branch are: 84827
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edaay Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Daime Ozdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aybars Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Cesme branch is Bartu Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dileda Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
Darcan Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch are: 80800
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylan Kuru is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokberk Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faide Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Damra Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 1374
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Ayvaz Akpinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karina Sahin is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelincik Polat is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
There is no such employee.
Gediz Duran is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gilyas Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Azad Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch are: 80486
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Filinta Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Akyurt branch is Lİna Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Acigol branch are: 83070
Belemir Kaya is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Burak Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karanfil Cicek is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Burç Yildiran.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Alara Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kalender Ucar is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbas Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yedisu branch this month are: 1555
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Dilfigar Senol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch are: 83234
Atilla Arslan is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
Hulki Er is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yedisu branch are: 88554
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 1801
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch are: 78888
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Evren branch is Ihya Cetin.
There is no such employee.
Fazilet Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
Irsat Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fırat Guler is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fariha Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch are: 79218
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fahrettin Erturk is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayla Avci is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhaneli branch is Fadime Aydin.
There is no such employee.
Füreyya Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karin Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berkay Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Fatih branch is Ihsan Kara.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatine Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Akyurt branch this month are: 1655
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamis Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Keles.
Acarbey Yucel is dismissed from branch: Keban.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyan Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Keles.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Izzettin Ozen is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Izgutay Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karakız Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hulusi Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Aba Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Adalan Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Azmi Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Demirbilek Yuksel.
There is no such employee.
Hafız Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Cinar branch is Danyal Korkmaz.
Ferhat Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isfendiyar Elmas is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasret Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
There is no such employee.
Birsoy Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delistan Alkan is dismissed from branch: Darende.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mamak branch are: 80708
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dildan Yasar is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Torbali branch is Delistan Ozdemir.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Cenah Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
Melike Genc is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Destan Aslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cemalnur Alp is dismissed from branch: Tire.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beypazari branch is Isinkan Senol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kulp branch is Derin Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canfeda Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Cezire Akbas is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yedisu branch is Davud Ay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahbube Saglam is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lale Seker is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
There is no such employee.
Dehan Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
Debernuş Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Duran Ay is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyli Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Cenah Kucuk.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Demirbilek Yuksel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Acigol branch is Fatma Ceylan.
Ecegül Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
There is no such employee.
Fuzuli Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hatunana Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Fatih branch is Ihsan Kara.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacı Tekin is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kulp branch this month are: 2211
Irmak Gunes is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hayriye Genc is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazıl Balta is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayhan Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Dilfigar Senol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Kafiye Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahperi Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Hanedan Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lale Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Heper Tekin is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jenin Gul is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 3688
Manager of the Kulp branch is Derin Seker.
There is no such employee.
Hayat Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Meral Toprak is dismissed from branch: Darende.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Durul Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Karaca Nas is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Başak Aksoy.
Ekber Gunes is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bahcelievler branch this month are: 2577
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yazihan branch are: 86321
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gilyas Seker is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadim Kaya is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch are: 88162
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Filizer Gul is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dahiye Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 3287
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demirbilek Aksu is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch are: 88210
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 3599
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhaneli branch is Fadime Aydin.
There is no such employee.
Ayfer Mert is dismissed from branch: Araban.
Madelet Erkan is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Total bonuses for the Keban branch this month are: 3133
Canfeda Sahin is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch are: 82683
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hayal Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gencal Erturk is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farah Aslan is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Mahru Kilicarslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalbaş Tekin is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebyar Aksu is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Total bonuses for the Sereflikochisar branch this month are: 3178
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baharnaz Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gevher Gunes is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 3450
There is no such employee.
Fuad Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Aysel Buyuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasret Sari is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kulp branch are: 88483
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 3088
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sereflikochisar branch this month are: 3178
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farik Cicek is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dünya Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erhan Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazire Dag is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
Dilsafa Aslan is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faysal Ozen is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Damla Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kardem Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanife Sahin is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keles branch this month are: 3440
Bagatur Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Destecan Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Eğilmez Yucel is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dafne Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Firuz Kaya is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Atilla Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keles branch this month are: 3520
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Felek Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kagithane branch is Gilyas Ekinci.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 3998
Cahide Temel is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
Berkan Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cigli branch are: 89316
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dorukhan Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdi Dag is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Destecan Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch are: 86571
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch are: 85291
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huriye Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
There is no such employee.
Figen Gunes is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canal Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
Hayal Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Izgutay Tekin is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Akyurt branch is Lİna Yilmaz.
Ceydacan Karakas is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
Manager of the Akyurt branch is Lİna Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gencal Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
Katun Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Donat Toker is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiyar Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
Hediye Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
There is no such employee.
Haldun Koc is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebed Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abak Kuru is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hacibektas branch is Kardelen Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İffet Seker is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Akyurt branch is Lİna Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jerfi Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lal Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulhamit Aslan is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İlayda Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
Hakan Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Darende.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erna Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Lice branch are: 90320
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eyşan Guler is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Manager of the Elmadag branch is Hurol Yucel.
Jinmir Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abadın Arslan is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch are: 82832
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Barut Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Efehan Gunes is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sariyer branch is Fadile Demirci.
Jiyan Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iris Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gaffar Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iknat Gunes is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgat Aksu is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
Egezade Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahrem Yucel is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ikan Temel is dismissed from branch: Tire.
There is no such employee.
Edebali Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Lalin Ay is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilbirin Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch are: 82123
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch are: 87553
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyli Arslan is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huriye Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
Manager of the Sereflikochisar branch is Hincal Toprak.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Aysel Buyuk.
There is no such employee.
Abgun Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Fatih branch is Ihsan Kara.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Danyal Arslan is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gayret Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elbek Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Gizmen Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bahcelievler branch are: 86690
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Burç Yildiran.
Manager of the Bahcelievler branch is Bergen Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Ebed Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukorhan branch this month are: 4653
Barut Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilal Karahan is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dayehatun Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Ece Guler.
Ecevit Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Afitap Kilic is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadime Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jeyan Avci is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
There is no such employee.
Jade Ucar is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kuluncak branch are: 86072
There is no such employee.
Birmen Gunes is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Meral Sari is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yazihan branch is Hamza Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Firuze Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irsad Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 5370
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cesme branch this month are: 4265
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Doruk Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sereflikochisar branch is Hincal Toprak.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 3026
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abak Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Inanna Yigit.
There is no such employee.
Makbule Elmas is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erksin Kocak is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukorhan branch this month are: 5192
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erendiz Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahrem Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Firuze Yigit is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Jinsal Aytac is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faysal Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gogen Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
Aytunç Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 4687
Manager of the Baglar branch is Kamer Guler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 5256
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyla Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 147
Bengi Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
There is no such employee.
Huri Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekber Acar is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
Karsu Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Devrim Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulkadir Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdibike Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Osmangazi branch are: 82649
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Araban branch this month are: 27
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lamiye Saglam is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 67
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Felit Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Darende.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eylem Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 691
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 119
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 119
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Ece Guler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sehitkamil branch is Farika Oz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aygül Yigit is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beypazari branch this month are: 378
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Germa Aktas is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Maide Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mediha Cetin is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Merze Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Memduha Tekin is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
Husam Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cihanay Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fezai Erkan is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bagcilar branch this month are: 291
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Celile Ari is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
Burak Balta is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
Davud Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cannur Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abaza Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eftal Gunay is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 661
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yazihan branch this month are: 284
There is no such employee.
Aborkar Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gayret Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
There is no such employee.
Latife Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ejder Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Darende branch this month are: 766
There is no such employee.
Jale Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
Iris Alp is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kardem Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 494
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pursaklar branch are: 84537
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayansel Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Durul Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Keles branch this month are: 1268
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lerzan Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilmi Celik is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Demirbilek Yuksel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiyar Taskin is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Lice branch is Karya Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 417
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Layike Akbas is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihya Yasar is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deran Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ezra Dede is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dafne Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 813
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 1890
Manager of the Yazihan branch is Hamza Karahan.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 909
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Firdevsi Seker is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berkay Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yesilyurt branch this month are: 1204
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazal Gunay is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fakirullah Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Darende.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fercan Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahrur Aygun is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Darende branch this month are: 1083
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hafize Gunes is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dileda Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacil Alp is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Damra Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cubuk branch this month are: 1314
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ertunga Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
There is no such employee.
Isfendiyar Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habil Kocak is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Keles branch is Balin Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdoğan Aydin is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yazihan branch this month are: 608
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bozdemir Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazal Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Torbali branch this month are: 1863
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferruh Akbas is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gaffar Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
Bahariye Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gerçek Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aydemir Nas is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kestel branch this month are: 1183
There is no such employee.
Abad Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sereflikochisar branch this month are: 1345
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 1641
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 887
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berat Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Başak Aygun is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 1826
Karsel Guler is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 2275
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch are: 91434
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cesme branch this month are: 1346
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cigli branch this month are: 2203
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berk Ozen is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgar Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fahir Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Cavide Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Yazihan branch is Hamza Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Lice branch this month are: 1111
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canal Kilic is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hediye Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fermande Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhat Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 1746
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 1268
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fermande Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abuşka Sahin is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edahses Kaya is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elanaz Gul is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 2145
There is no such employee.
Benan Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahrem Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bagcilar branch this month are: 1688
Elanaz Ipek is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdullah Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 1321
Manager of the Araban branch is Canel Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bengi Demir is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 1605
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cesme branch this month are: 1346
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fer Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İkbal Sahin is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bahcelievler branch this month are: 1936
Cezlan Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
There is no such employee.
Abgun Balta is dismissed from branch: Keles.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilsozi Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
Erdoğan Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Başak Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beypazari branch this month are: 2041
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 1973
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbase Balta is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Total bonuses for the Bagcilar branch this month are: 1897
Mayra Erturk is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
Fecri Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
Açelya Cetin is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
Manager of the Elmadag branch is Hurol Yucel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faris Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deryab Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhaneli branch this month are: 2133
There is no such employee.
Erhan Dede is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilsozi Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 3165
Abdal Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Darende.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deha Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 1748
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 89253
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Benan Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cesme branch this month are: 1578
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Aba Karahan.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kestel branch is Fevzi Saglam.
There is no such employee.
Feyza Senol is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jalenur Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gilyas Mert is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalsar Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Maide Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ejder Guler is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eylem Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kuluncak branch this month are: 2581
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Akyurt branch this month are: 2632
Total bonuses for the Kestel branch are: 84326
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadra Aytac is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 2327
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cigli branch this month are: 3033
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Destan Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Madelet Polat is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
Hüdaverdi Aksu is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdurrahman Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baran Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahiye Karakas is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdoğan Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Filizer Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
There is no such employee.
Başak Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bahcelievler branch this month are: 2520
Bala Kocak is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Kezban Kilic is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fena Karakas is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Bahise Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Loya Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdibike Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farika Toprak is leaving from branch: Pursaklar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yesilyurt branch this month are: 3584
There is no such employee.
Duman Senol is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kulp branch this month are: 2483
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Donat Alp is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canel Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdurrahman Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 3425
There is no such employee.
Ebed Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Kuluncak branch is Gezer Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yesilyurt branch this month are: 3757
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Doğannur Demirci is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bagcilar branch are: 88927
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Kafiye Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyal Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbas Yucel is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Kevser Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbad Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Lice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Aba Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 7
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Cenah Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Memduha Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sehitkamil branch is Farika Oz.
Ganimet Yasar is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Beliz Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Laylank Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilemma Akbas is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
Emetullah Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 450
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derem Oz is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haveri Gunes is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecem Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cezire Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Hacibektas branch this month are: 148
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adakli branch is Cankut Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 637
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canece Erturk is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgaz Alp is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 581
There is no such employee.
Kaila/Kayla Yasar is dismissed from branch: Araban.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 561
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Baskın Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbey Aytac is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceren Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sereflikochisar branch this month are: 459
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Meserret Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dayehatun Kaya is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 728
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Golbasi branch is Gokberk Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erhan Balta is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Akyurt branch is Lİna Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huriye Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch are: 90104
Manager of the Pursaklar branch is Gani Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fıda Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
Firuz Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ezgi Aslan is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Acigol branch is Fatma Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
Fadıla Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Meserret Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Efehan Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Medar Uzun is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihvan Kuru is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karakız Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 328
Manager of the Dogansehir branch is Levin Oz.
Gencaslan Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Elmadag branch is Hurol Yucel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hüdaverdi Karahan is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadriye Ay is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Elmadag branch is Hurol Yucel.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Darende branch is Merzuka Ucar.
Manager of the Kagithane branch is Gilyas Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kagithane branch is Gilyas Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sereflikochisar branch is Hincal Toprak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cinar branch this month are: 321
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yazihan branch is Hamza Karahan.
There is no such employee.
Karina Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
Dalince Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Mahzure Kilicaslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bakanay Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Germa Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eyşan Seker is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ikan Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Demirbilek Yuksel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 703
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamdullah Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilbirin Yasar is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
Abbase Duran is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fecri Gunes is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 1152
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Keles branch is Balin Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bartu Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kayra Gunay is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukorhan branch is Benan Toprak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cubuk branch is Damla Alkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acunalp Guler is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
There is no such employee.
Canay Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kafiye Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gizem Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karin Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lİla Balta is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
Havva Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 92474
Hamide Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Melodi Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
Mahfer Kocak is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Asuman Ozen is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Azmi Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Maide Yasar is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bahcelievler branch is Bergen Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 1973
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sehitkamil branch this month are: 1666
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 1316
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aba Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Lice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karsel Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Mahzure Kilicaslan.
Abakan/Abakay Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecrin Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 1059
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Janbek Aygun is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Macide Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Ebrak Erkan.
Garibe Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 1985
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Akyurt branch is Lİna Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Etfal Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Keban branch is Dünya Acar.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 1774
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 2043
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Katre Ari is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch are: 91697
There is no such employee.
Levin Aydin is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
Manager of the Yazihan branch is Hamza Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hüdaverdi Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balca Kara is dismissed from branch: Araban.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilkat Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 1768
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Torbali branch are: 93668
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ezeli Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 2326
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keles branch this month are: 2118
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cubuk branch is Damla Alkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Meriç Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cansel Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 2805
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Ecevit Ozturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aysel Genc is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanife Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cankat Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sariyer branch is Fadile Demirci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sereflikochisar branch are: 94226
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 2121
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecenaz Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 1770
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Cenah Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkiz Temel is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Hamide Temel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bahcelievler branch is Bergen Mengi.
Cazibe Ay is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 2411
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gizer Erkan is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hacibektas branch is Kardelen Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhan Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Mahzure Kilicaslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamza Toprak is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 3071
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beypazari branch is Isinkan Senol.
Ceydacan Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 2811
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yedisu branch this month are: 2236
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayberk Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abaza Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
Janseli Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Behin Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farika Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ildiz Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferid Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
There is no such employee.
Kamile Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Destecan Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Delice Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halef Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
There is no such employee.
Laylank Gunes is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Havva Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başak Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beypazari branch is Isinkan Senol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daya Avci is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Canfeza Toprak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Danyal Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkiz Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Inanna Yigit.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kuluncak branch is Gezer Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beypazari branch is Isinkan Senol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilsafa Aslan is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Fırat Demirci.
Aleyna Toprak is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sehitkamil branch this month are: 3595
Manager of the Kuluncak branch is Gezer Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Dilbirin Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iras Karahan is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bahcelievler branch is Bergen Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Osmangazi branch is Kader Sari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Firuze Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başak Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Ezgi Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gece Uzun is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Filizer Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dahiye Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cankut Alp is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Diba Genc is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Izzettin Gunes is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
Gelincik Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cubuk branch this month are: 3285
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Bahamra Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sehitkamil branch is Farika Oz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jergar Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fidan Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Manager of the Torbali branch is Delistan Ozdemir.
Ecehan Gunay is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Bahamra Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Efdal Arslan is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
Idris Gunay is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 2886
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aynur Guler is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Erinç Akpinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilsozi Seker is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farika Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Keban branch is Dünya Acar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceyhan Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Ebrak Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Demirbilek Yuksel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baran Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Keles branch is Balin Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ezgi Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erkut Koc is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Erendiz Kose.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duman Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kezban Tekin is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bakiye Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Duman Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aborkar Aytac is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Araban branch is Canel Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faruk Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadriye Balta is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Ayvaz Akpinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gorani Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Elmadag branch this month are: 2858
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kulp branch this month are: 3806
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 3468
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Başak Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yazihan branch this month are: 4276
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başar Gunay is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch this month are: 3546
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahrur Aytac is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Erinç Akpinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Barut Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilkcan Ari is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kagithane branch is Gilyas Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Destan Saglam is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bagatur Tekin is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazilet Mert is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
Debernuş Cicek is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
Ejder Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Başak Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eti Gunes is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Esved Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haluk Ay is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
Balkin Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aysu Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hades Arslan is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lamiye Nas is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
Manager of the Keban branch is Dünya Acar.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kulp branch is Derin Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Dilfigar Senol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Merzuka Kuru is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Deryanur Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dirim Kara is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fuad Oz is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilkcan Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalan Demir is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
Mecide Duran is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
Insel Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Alev Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fena Erkan is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanbey Ipek is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Mahru Kilicarslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahar Gunes is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Ebubekir Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cankat Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fıda Guler is dismissed from branch: Keban.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jade Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferid Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gazale Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahibe Karakas is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Darende branch is Merzuka Ucar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abendam Sahin is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
Aborkar Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhan Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kahya Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ikram Alp is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ertunga Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farik Ari is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Layike Alp is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamaset Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haki Celik is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
Lerze Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abay Taskin is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
Feza Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
Delice Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakgüzar Alp is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lİla Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aba Karahan is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habib Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylüfer Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbay Seker is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gavsi Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bahcelievler branch is Bergen Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mecide Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadile Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İdil Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Doğannur Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalbaş Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadriye Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Adalan Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch are: 95956
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yesilyurt branch is Loya Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Pursaklar branch is Gani Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilsozi Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Kevser Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gezer Oz is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bahcelievler branch is Bergen Mengi.
Ecebay Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sariyer branch is Fadile Demirci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Janset Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Başak Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gorani Tekin is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sereflikochisar branch is Hincal Toprak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Asiye Seker is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferah Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acarbike Mengi is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kuluncak branch this month are: 2502
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kahya Alkan is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Daime Ozdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keban branch this month are: 2070
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Durul Sahin is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Aykut Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başağa Elmas is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
Ildem Duran is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakay Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Fatih branch is Ihsan Kara.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Girin Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Dehna Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 3059
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecmel Nas is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abadan Mert is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iris Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kezban Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hades Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bengi Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fakri Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lamiye Avci is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cahide Dede is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
Laylank Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aysun Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecebay Ozen is dismissed from branch: Araban.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halef Gunay is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tire branch this month are: 2636
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 2810
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kardem Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ayhan Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halef Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kahya Alkan is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lerzan Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacil Kaya is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cilvekar Ucar is dismissed from branch: Tire.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hafız Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Barut Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dahiye Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lemide Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Barut Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Lİla Toprak is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Darcan Guler is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Fırat Demirci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irsat Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gazale Mert is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daime Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Diclehatun Genc is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belde Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hurol Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elmira Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ermiye Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derem Cicek is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hatice Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Durul Erturk is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erim Karahan is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Araban branch is Canel Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eyşan Erkan is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Evin Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Acigol branch is Fatma Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Konak branch is Gizmen Aksu.
Erim Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadim Durmaz is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
Jaledar Koc is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dileda Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Keles.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Melodi Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
Ferhan Sarac is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilci Yucel is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cahide Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Adakli branch is Cankut Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lara Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahzure Kuru is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bakanay Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feleytun Kocak is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lamiye Saglam is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Meriç Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kuluncak branch are: 97645
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 3858
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Mahzure Kilicaslan.
Manager of the Keles branch is Balin Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Behçet Aytac is dismissed from branch: Keban.
Haki Arslan is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgun Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Furkan Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fenni Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 4783
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gediz Guler is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Demirbilek Yuksel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 4216
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Lice branch is Karya Aydemir.
Farika Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikret Guler is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalya Gunes is dismissed from branch: Araban.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aytunç Karakas is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
Behçet Sarac is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lİna Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gewez Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Lice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dileda Ipek is dismissed from branch: Keles.
Manager of the Sile branch is Aykut Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hacibektas branch is Kardelen Ari.
There is no such employee.
Asuman Aytac is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Celile Yucel is dismissed from branch: Keban.
There is no such employee.
Ergin Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yedisu branch is Davud Ay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farik Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sariyer branch is Fadile Demirci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iras Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Meserret Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Lice branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Firdevsi Temel is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
Fazıl Demirci is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kulp branch this month are: 161
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahrem Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatma Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 501
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Beliz Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Daim Ucar is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazi Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yedisu branch is Davud Ay.
Ilbas Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karsu Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Battalgazi branch this month are: 508
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Ezeli Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Larissa Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edaay Temel is dismissed from branch: Keles.
Fadıla Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbas Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 379
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Ebrak Erkan.
There is no such employee.
Lara Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beypazari branch this month are: 860
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazele Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Medar Mert is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kardelen Demirci is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erk Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Derinkuyu branch is Felek Koc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 811
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Alev Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Atilla Aydin is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Total bonuses for the Sereflikochisar branch this month are: 546
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keles branch are: 101110
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Fırat Demirci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yesilyurt branch is Loya Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 461
Iyiturk Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faris Er is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 760
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bilal Aydin is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fekahet Elmas is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canperver Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Dünya Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ejder Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
Delfin Kose is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deryanur Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahrem Guler is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
Kadime Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delice Kose is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 1349
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Emel Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hayal Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Benay Kocak is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
Gewez Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch are: 94640
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahiye Karahan is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebecen Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karadut Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Akyurt branch is Lİna Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacı Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukorhan branch is Benan Toprak.
There is no such employee.
Abakay Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Hattat Genc is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Acigol branch this month are: 1173
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aygül Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Maya Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebed Saglam is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bagatur Tekin is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kagithane branch is Gilyas Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
Duman Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 1096
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jinmir Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kulp branch this month are: 2264
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bakanay Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 2103
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Golbasi branch is Gokberk Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bangu Balta is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamuran Alkan is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 2050
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Havle Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Itri Guler is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beypazari branch this month are: 2160
Hanbeğendi Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamiyet Nas is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ledeyna Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halef Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yedisu branch is Davud Ay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebubekir Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ajda Arslan is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilham Aygun is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lalin Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İlke Demir is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhaneli branch is Fadime Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Inanna Oz is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekber Senol is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cankut Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yedisu branch is Davud Ay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canfeza Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Egealp Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
Manager of the Lice branch is Karya Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Celvetiye Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ebrar Erturk is dismissed from branch: Keles.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Ezgi Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferda Tekin is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch are: 98375
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilkat Tekin is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beypazari branch this month are: 2446
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elacık Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iris Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
Total bonuses for the Kuluncak branch this month are: 1964
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 2866
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leman Erturk is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Total bonuses for the Sehitkamil branch this month are: 1525
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilal Gunes is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 102471
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Etkin Ay is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yazihan branch is Hamza Karahan.
There is no such employee.
Hamis Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canane Akbas is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Etfal Alkan is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jerfi Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 3085
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fahrettin Alkan is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Larasu Duran is dismissed from branch: Keles.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yedisu branch are: 105628
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dorukhan Genc is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahfer Cicek is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faide Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derya Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokberk Seker is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Ezeli Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikrettin Aytac is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
Galibe Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deli Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gizmen Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keles branch this month are: 3037
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Osmangazi branch is Kader Sari.
There is no such employee.
Fenniye Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 2871
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 1425
There is no such employee.
Leyal Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 3219
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Derinkuyu branch this month are: 2157
Lebibe Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadife Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 1470
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Evren branch is Ihya Cetin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadra Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazi Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch are: 98401
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecmel Aslan is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Esved Aksu is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isfendiyar Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Fırat Demirci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habil Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch this month are: 2769
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canfeza Erkan is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 2891
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bergen Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Tire.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keban branch this month are: 2463
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilci Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Tire.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Derinkuyu branch is Felek Koc.
Cemalnur Aygun is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilsafa Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 3273
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilkeste Toprak is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch are: 104913
There is no such employee.
Hattat Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ediz Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 2643
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 2851
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Madelet Sahin is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Destan Aslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Celvetiye Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Golbasi branch this month are: 2824
There is no such employee.
Kevser Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abendam Kocak is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
Eğmen Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hüdaverdi Mert is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gevher Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacil Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Ilbay Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fidan Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Akyurt branch this month are: 3471
There is no such employee.
Girin Genc is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farise Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Keles.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 3327
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelenay Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadriye Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deryab Genc is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Dilbirin Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Katmer Demirci is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mamak branch this month are: 4079
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kader Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bahcelievler branch this month are: 2583
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilsozi Yasar is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihlamur Mengi is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilsozi Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dorukhan Erturk is dismissed from branch: Konak.
Fakihe Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 3982
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deha Kilic is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kezban Oz is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dehan Kuru is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bakiye Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Acigol branch this month are: 2984
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Esved Akbas is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 4852
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Elmadag branch is Hurol Yucel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 4171
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fecri Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 4125
Cankut Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irak Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Burç Yildiran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cankat Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikrettin Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canel Kose is dismissed from branch: Keles.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadil Gul is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yazihan branch is Hamza Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canal Gul is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Atilla Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Keban.
Total bonuses for the Keban branch this month are: 3445
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 3637
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dünya Erkan is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sereflikochisar branch is Hincal Toprak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Dilbirin Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayfer Temel is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Katre Arslan is dismissed from branch: Lice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkin Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Karmen Kilic.
There is no such employee.
Lİla Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdem Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Acarbey Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Harika Aygun is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Felek Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Furkan Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fahrettin Koc is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Canfeza Toprak.
Bozdemir Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Osmangazi branch is Kader Sari.
Total bonuses for the Kuluncak branch this month are: 5020
Manager of the Cinar branch is Danyal Korkmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Layza Celik is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Hulki Uzun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ezeli Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 187
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Kafiye Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazh Karakas is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
Cavide Seker is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yedisu branch this month are: 200
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hayal Kose is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habib Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahzure Elmas is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhan Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erk Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habibullah Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canaş Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deryab Gunes is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgun Guler is dismissed from branch: Tire.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch are: 95276
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fırat Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baskın Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
Halas Demir is promoted from Cook to Manager.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch are: 101760
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazil Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 873
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habil Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iris Dede is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beypazari branch are: 99554
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kainat Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 905
Manager of the Evren branch is Ihya Cetin.
There is no such employee.
Dirlik Uzun is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pursaklar branch this month are: 663
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edhem Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Battalgazi branch is Halim Yilmaz.
Iras Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Husam Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gevher Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyli Karahan is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aysu Erkan is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Itri Saglam is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Osmangazi branch this month are: 569
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 508
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aysel Alkan is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mesudane Nas is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Medar Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hacibektas branch are: 100061
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habil Aksu is dismissed from branch: Darende.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Arzu Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cesme branch are: 96990
Total bonuses for the Dogansehir branch this month are: 1600
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebrar Yigit is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakverdi Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Araban branch is Canel Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dal Er is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Manager of the Cesme branch is Bartu Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Hamide Temel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yazihan branch is Hamza Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bala Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berk Polat is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ertunga Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isfendiyar Seker is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demirezen Aslan is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fuad Erturk is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bengi Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lebibe Avci is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanedan Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aziz Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habide Er is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Egezade Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kevser Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Keban.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baglar branch is Kamer Guler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fakirullah Nas is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
Fidan Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Danyal Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Geray Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daime Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkoç Ipek is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
İffet Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cazibe Seker is dismissed from branch: Keban.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hulki Uzun is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
Dorukhan Gunes is promoted from Cook to Manager.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Alara Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kulp branch is Derin Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deli Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cigli branch this month are: 2180
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duran Tekin is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hayal Alkan is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 2145
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch are: 100268
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jergar Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Beypazari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dünya Polat is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Behçet Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Meserret Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lalin Avci is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pursaklar branch are: 102619
Manager of the Mamak branch is Faize Guler.
Cansel Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihlamur Yasar is dismissed from branch: Araban.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eyşan Tekin is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferdi Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Balkiz Sarac is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cubuk branch this month are: 1775
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Filinta Tekin is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbase Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Keban branch is Dünya Acar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dijdar Kose is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cinar branch this month are: 2686
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haluk Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isinsoy Karahan is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebecen Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Darende branch is Merzuka Ucar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayra Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habil Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 2746
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hafsa Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baskın Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatih Gunes is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Evin Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilal Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hazan Cetin is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikri Dede is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kestel branch is Fevzi Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Medar Ucar is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bagcilar branch is Figen Aktas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Aysel Buyuk.
Haluk Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faris Cetin is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 1630
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Felin Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
There is no such employee.
Filinta Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Adile Aydin is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cinar branch this month are: 3135
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dildan Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Havva Yucel is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
Karsu Uzun is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acunalp Toker is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Araban branch is Canel Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bozkaya Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aba Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadim Karakas is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kalender Erkan is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
Delistan Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Esved Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Ecevit Ozturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch are: 109922
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Bahamra Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erinç Erturk is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Burç Yildiran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Acigol branch this month are: 3148
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edebali Yasar is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Osmangazi branch is Kader Sari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Torbali branch is Delistan Ozdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Levin Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sereflikochisar branch is Hincal Toprak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Akyurt branch is Lİna Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokberk Kaya is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hayat Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 0
Hattat Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 17
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Golbasi branch this month are: 182
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebyar Guler is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ildiz Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Aysel Buyuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acunalp Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faide Toprak is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fariha Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 533
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Medar Cetin is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 283
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baglar branch is Kamer Guler.
Habib Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazi Gunes is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faik Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylan Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch are: 108061
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Cenah Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferruh Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iraz Toprak is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Araban branch is Canel Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 590
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Erendiz Kose.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulhamit Gul is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
Manager of the Keban branch is Dünya Acar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Atilgan Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch are: 106299
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 551
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Esennur Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayfer Toker is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 689
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Erinç Akpinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Akyurt branch is Lİna Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazh Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hale Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ediz Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 777
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Golbasi branch are: 106265
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 79
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Kevser Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ira Nas is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch are: 106523
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 1447
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 910
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hacibektas branch are: 103304
Ilaydin Gul is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdullah Yucel is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 663
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ildiz Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gilyas Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 389
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fidan Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Meserret Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bagcilar branch this month are: 614
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Keban branch is Dünya Acar.
There is no such employee.
Azmi Cetin is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baskın Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekber Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
Manager of the Yazihan branch is Hamza Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Ecevit Ozturk.
There is no such employee.
Abdurrahman Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Keban branch is Dünya Acar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yedisu branch are: 111184
Total bonuses for the Cesme branch this month are: 1131
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Hamide Temel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Derinkuyu branch is Felek Koc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Hamide Temel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Elmadag branch this month are: 855
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch are: 101037
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatma Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokberk Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baran Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yazihan branch is Hamza Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bahcelievler branch this month are: 803
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 1826
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hafsa Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
Dayehatun Sari is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
Total bonuses for the Golbasi branch this month are: 2127
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fercan Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Hamide Temel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylan Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 879
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 1064
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 1126
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ildem Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
There is no such employee.
Ceydasu Kuru is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Mahru Kilicarslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 107456
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cesme branch this month are: 1568
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Destan Aslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Meserret Durmaz.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 1594
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Ezgi Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faruk Kara is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilfigar Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mamak branch are: 104802
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Başak Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch are: 114413
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fenni Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huriye Arslan is dismissed from branch: Tire.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecenaz Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Levzi Aktas is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 1806
Total bonuses for the Keban branch this month are: 2834
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kavin Demirci is dismissed from branch: Lice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Canfeza Toprak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Evgin Elmas is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Hurkan Nas is dismissed from branch: Araban.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kestel branch is Fevzi Saglam.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 1298
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Darende branch this month are: 1111
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekenel Gunay is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lamia Avci is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
Haveri Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 110817
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecrin Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faik Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Ebrak Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 1998
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Kafiye Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 1929
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gayret Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hale Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jerfi Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Lice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Başak Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 2135
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayaz Toker is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 3033
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadim Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Gizmen Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebrar Yucel is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Torbali branch are: 111181
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hiram Sarac is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
Iras Aktas is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Erinç Akpinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Makber Aktas is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Belgi Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Darin Ozen is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
Canhanım Kuru is leaving from branch: Uskudar.
Manager of the Keban branch is Dünya Acar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 1771
There is no such employee.
Canal Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 2436
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jefi Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbas Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Demirbilek Yuksel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahur Karahan is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
Geray Balta is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dogansehir branch this month are: 2557
Jarin Balta is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aber Oz is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Elmadag branch are: 107206
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mamak branch this month are: 2387
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cesme branch this month are: 2450
Manager of the Araban branch is Canel Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch are: 102980
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kestel branch are: 102968
There is no such employee.
Fırtına Toprak is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kestel branch is Fevzi Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habil Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 2702
There is no such employee.
Ayla Mengi is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 2556
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Acigol branch this month are: 2951
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch are: 107414
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 1975
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Badem Sarac is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demir Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Total bonuses for the Cinar branch are: 107396
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yesilyurt branch is Loya Cebeci.
Durul Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mecide Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
Total bonuses for the Araban branch are: 103675
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bartu Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Demirbilek Yuksel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bahcelievler branch is Bergen Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahire Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cesme branch this month are: 2894
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 3972
Bakinaz Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Gizmen Tuncer.
Lamia Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Garibe Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 2747
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilfigar Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch are: 107744
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 3433
There is no such employee.
Galibe Aksu is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgar Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derya Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazilet Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Araban branch is Canel Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
Ecrin Aydin is dismissed from branch: Araban.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fakri Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hacibektas branch is Kardelen Ari.
There is no such employee.
Erdem Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Lice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch are: 103738
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceydacan Er is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Levin Demirci is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lerzan Ipek is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 109653
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch are: 109750
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch are: 113506
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecebay Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
Gewez Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Egezade Seker is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
Hüdaverdi Ozen is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch are: 115843
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lİla Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch are: 112108
Bagatur Seker is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
Total bonuses for the Cigli branch are: 115219
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Dorukhan Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Keban branch is Dünya Acar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihvan Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekenel Taskin is dismissed from branch: Lice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cinar branch is Danyal Korkmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 389
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elacık Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cannur Aygun is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mamak branch is Faize Guler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sehitkamil branch is Farika Oz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lemide Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Akyurt branch is Lİna Yilmaz.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Ecevit Ozturk.
Ifakat Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bagcilar branch is Figen Aktas.
Manager of the Orhaneli branch is Fadime Aydin.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch are: 115126
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Hamide Temel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 574
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadime Celik is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Elmadag branch are: 108740
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Felek Erkan.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Golbasi branch is Gokberk Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 1221
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Ebed Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mamak branch this month are: 1349
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hüdaverdi Gunes is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yedisu branch are: 114309
Derin Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Destecan Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
Fezai Celik is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gediz Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch are: 104616
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenler branch is Derem Acar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 1190
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Halas Demir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ertunga Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dogansehir branch this month are: 716
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 113673
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Inanna Yigit.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sereflikochisar branch are: 111959
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Osmangazi branch this month are: 1136
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 1419
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cansel Elmas is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
Janseli Mengi is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 1506
Acarbey Karakas is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Behçet Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
Ecebay Ozen is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Destan Alp is leaving from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 524
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Evin Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Memduha Aytac is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 1916
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Ezgi Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Damla Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Manager of the Battalgazi branch is Halim Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
Haktan Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Fırat Demirci is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Afitap Saglam is promoted from Cook to Manager.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayla Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch are: 117874
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baharnaz Yasar is dismissed from branch: Tire.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Ece Guler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başar Sahin is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 1367
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch are: 105088
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 1563
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kestel branch this month are: 1076
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacer Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farah Kose is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acem Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ihya Kuru is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecesoy Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daristan Senol is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahzure Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Meserret Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Araban branch is Canel Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Candan Avci is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mayra Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Araban.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavinya Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hiram Elmas is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Darende branch is Merzuka Ucar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Asiye Cetin is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecehan Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abadın Toker is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbase Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bakiye Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Araban.
Manager of the Orhaneli branch is Fadime Aydin.
There is no such employee.
Aylin Dag is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Alara Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derman Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbad Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dayehatun Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch are: 110246
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Araban branch this month are: 2411
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukorhan branch this month are: 2708
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch are: 109156
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cankat Aytac is leaving from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Letafet Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Mahru Kilicarslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Alara Yildirim.
Cannur Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Darende.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch are: 109798
Fatine Cetin is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Osmangazi branch is Kader Sari.
Abdullah Kilic is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
There is no such employee.
Barbaros Aydin is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Badem Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Ece Guler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Golbasi branch is Gokberk Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deha Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isinsoy Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deran Kilic is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch are: 111314
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daltekin Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beypazari branch is Isinkan Senol.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yesilyurt branch this month are: 3005
There is no such employee.
Fadik Alkan is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 3837
Manager of the Sehitkamil branch is Farika Oz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhaneli branch are: 113726
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jefi Duran is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
There is no such employee.
Gale Aktas is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Izgutay Toprak is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kulp branch is Derin Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Keles branch is Balin Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch are: 109909
Total bonuses for the Sereflikochisar branch are: 113800
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cinar branch are: 110561
There is no such employee.
Bera Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isinkan Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Inanna Yigit.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbas Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebrak Cetin is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yesilyurt branch is Loya Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Karmen Kilic.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huseyin Yigit is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhaneli branch is Fadime Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Başak Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukorhan branch is Benan Toprak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Loya Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lemide Mengi is dismissed from branch: Keles.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bagcilar branch this month are: 2506
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Keriman Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 2047
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Karmen Kilic.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Itri Ay is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 4207
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikret Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Osmangazi branch is Kader Sari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kainat Kocak is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cannur Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karadut Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hincal Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazel Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mamak branch this month are: 3651
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dirok Ceylan is leaving from branch: Uskudar.
Abduş Aslan is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Aba Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Pursaklar branch is Gani Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Diclehatun Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 4666
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Insel Ucar is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch are: 114821
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazh Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch are: 103802
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 2841
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Emel Toker is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
Ferdi Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bakanay Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Alev Sari is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kahya Aksu is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Cezire Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 2440
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahiye Erturk is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacer Sari is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Torbali branch is Delistan Ozdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelenay Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Maide Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Felin Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yazihan branch this month are: 4051
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balin Toprak is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgun Arslan is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 3354
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukorhan branch are: 118852
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yedisu branch is Davud Ay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cankut Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamuran Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sereflikochisar branch this month are: 4471
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acarbike Kose is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 3319
Total bonuses for the Cigli branch are: 118824
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kuluncak branch are: 113609
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ikram Ay is dismissed from branch: Konak.
Manager of the Hacibektas branch is Kardelen Ari.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 3529
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Acigol branch is Fatma Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Kafiye Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kulp branch is Derin Seker.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 4613
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazel Balta is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch are: 110518
There is no such employee.
Cihanay Kilic is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canfeda Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cezmiye Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadis Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatih Aydin is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hursit Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canece Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Darende.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jasmin Taskin is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ediz Aygun is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canece Aksu is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Davud Aytac is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Celile Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erinç Yigit is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Bahamra Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Aba Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dijdar Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jade Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahise Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Devrim Mengi is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Acigol branch is Fatma Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Dilfigar Senol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kevser Mert is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
There is no such employee.
Celvetiye Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Havin Aslan is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 4823
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erim Kara is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Evin Aygun.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cigli branch this month are: 4667
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gani Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
Adalet Kuru is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch are: 112113
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kuluncak branch this month are: 5111
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baglar branch is Kamer Guler.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch are: 116900
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadik Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch are: 112879
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dafne Oz is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gorani Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 141
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Osmangazi branch are: 107460
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Azmi Kaya is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İlayda Kilic is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilfeza Erkan is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Mahru Kilicarslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Araban branch this month are: 350
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 103
Lamiye Dag is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 473
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kainat Oz is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 532
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 790
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdurrahman Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch are: 105411
Ecehan Duran is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Kevser Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihvan Aytac is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 653
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Torbali branch are: 118128
Eren Aslan is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Evin Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
Hafsa Ipek is promoted from Cook to Manager.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Golbasi branch are: 114158
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 1256
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erkinay Celik is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
Total bonuses for the Darende branch this month are: 178
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Enginsel Nas is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 504
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derman Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Elmadag branch this month are: 1121
Derem Erkan is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 118841
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Derinkuyu branch this month are: 463
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch are: 121695
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Destan Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Acigol branch are: 112021
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Dilfigar Senol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecrin Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Battalgazi branch is Halim Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukorhan branch this month are: 771
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berk Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylak Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bagcilar branch are: 113030
Hafsa Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lebibe Taskin is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Demirbilek Yuksel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kestel branch are: 108341
Levzi Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Esennur Kocak is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cubuk branch is Damla Alkan.
There is no such employee.
Janseli Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kuluncak branch is Gezer Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch are: 118996
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecmel Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Keles branch is Balin Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Osmangazi branch is Kader Sari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daya Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bera Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keban branch are: 129212
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tire branch is Elacık Elmas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Birsoy Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cubuk branch is Damla Alkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baharnaz Arslan is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
Aytekin Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Merze Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Golbasi branch are: 114715
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Felek Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch are: 116153
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch are: 114083
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daime Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Akyurt branch is Lİna Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Canfeza Toprak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 1362
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 1824
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdurrahman Demir is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sereflikochisar branch are: 117023
There is no such employee.
Abakay Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Ecevit Ozturk.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch are: 122380
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Ebrak Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelincik Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Kafiye Mengi.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cesme branch is Bartu Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 1947
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Elmadag branch are: 115685
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch are: 116767
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch are: 112681
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kulp branch this month are: 2797
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacı Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Azad Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
There is no such employee.
Dilbirin Guler is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch are: 123195
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Ebed Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayberk Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyla Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Araban.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Danyal Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Keles.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Devrim Kara is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 2715
Aylin Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch are: 117811
There is no such employee.
Abdülalim Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cinar branch are: 114374
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sereflikochisar branch is Hincal Toprak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayra Erkan is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayansel Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karin Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecem Temel is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kuluncak branch is Gezer Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Katre Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elanaz Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elacık Arslan is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edayi Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelincik Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 2296
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hayriye Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ezgi Sarac is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Battalgazi branch are: 118289
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erksin Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Beha Cetin is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sehitkamil branch are: 111795
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cigli branch this month are: 3516
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jinmir Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 2660
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habib Demir is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
There is no such employee.
Maide Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Medar Gul is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Evren branch is Ihya Cetin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 3202
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 2669
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Aysel Buyuk.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 3153
Diba Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Keles.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 2663
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Janseli Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahanur Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mamak branch is Faize Guler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhaneli branch are: 120464
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 2841
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gediz Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Torbali branch are: 120742
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahizar Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Araban branch is Canel Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Açelya Gunes is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 2981
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Adile Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jengar Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
There is no such employee.
Iras Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch are: 119418
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dehna Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 2994
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgat Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ezeli Cetin is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Afitap Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Akyurt branch is Lİna Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Furkan Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch this month are: 2883
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jehat Nas is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Ayvaz Akpinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mamak branch this month are: 3106
Manager of the Tire branch is Elacık Elmas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beypazari branch is Isinkan Senol.
Dilsafa Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canfeza Kose is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kagithane branch is Gilyas Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Ece Guler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Kevser Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sereflikochisar branch is Hincal Toprak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cilvekar Gunay is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Araban branch is Canel Aydemir.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch are: 114520
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadra Toker is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Akyurt branch are: 122407
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Elmadag branch is Hurol Yucel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Katre Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Cenah Kucuk.
Total bonuses for the Sereflikochisar branch this month are: 207
Abad Yucel is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dahiye Mert is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Acigol branch is Fatma Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
Feray Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Manager of the Tire branch is Elacık Elmas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ildiz Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Funda Tekin is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhaneli branch is Fadime Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukorhan branch is Benan Toprak.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Kafiye Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Alara Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hurkan Genc is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aydemir Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Larissa Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Halilullah Uzun is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eğilmez Yucel is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keban branch this month are: 501
There is no such employee.
Dahiye Saglam is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cihanay Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mamak branch is Faize Guler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beypazari branch is Isinkan Senol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Darende branch is Merzuka Ucar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilmi Dede is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgaz Uzun is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Efehan Tekin is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecenaz Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ezgi Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Halas Demir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başak Aydin is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
Gediz Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sahinbey branch is Fidan Ay.
There is no such employee.
Aytunç Mengi is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Atilgan Oz is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abak Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Elmadag branch is Hurol Yucel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bagcilar branch is Figen Aktas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hafız Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Abadan Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Dilkeste Duran.
Total bonuses for the Mamak branch this month are: 600
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aykut Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Meserret Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Dorukhan Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abendam Temel is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
Ferhunde Aslan is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 779
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cesme branch this month are: 1185
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kuluncak branch is Gezer Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Halas Demir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Evgin Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferdi Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Leyal Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bartu Ipek is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Ayvaz Akpinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Aysel Buyuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yedisu branch is Davud Ay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Kafiye Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Demirbilek Yuksel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 1530
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Daime Ozdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edahses Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dal Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Araban branch is Canel Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fırat Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kulp branch this month are: 1018
Bahtiyar Toprak is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
Karanfil Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Melike Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Inanna Yigit.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch are: 126423
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Darende branch this month are: 618
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Burç Yildiran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch are: 117070
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Afitap Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 1093
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Cannur Ozdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tire branch is Elacık Elmas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukorhan branch is Benan Toprak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canaş Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahmude Guler is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bediz Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Damra Balta is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yedisu branch this month are: 1216
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadice Alkan is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Hamide Temel.
Gencay Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Kafiye Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fahrettin Temel is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakikat Demir is dismissed from branch: Darende.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Inanna Cetin is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Gizmen Tuncer.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Dilbirin Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayvaz Yasar is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 1862
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Akyurt branch is Lİna Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sehitkamil branch is Farika Oz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Arzu Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Bahamra Kuru is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cigli branch this month are: 1715
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Akyurt branch is Lİna Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Merzuka Avci is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derman Sahin is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch are: 116653
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aborkar Kose is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Manager of the Baglar branch is Kamer Guler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 2238
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 2903
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavin Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Karmen Kilic.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adakli branch is Cankut Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bahcelievler branch this month are: 2954
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 3519
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daim Aktas is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lal Erkan is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derman Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 2168
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Halas Demir.
Total bonuses for the Torbali branch this month are: 2121
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Badem Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Başak Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halim Seker is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haluk Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kader Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatma Kara is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lerze Sarac is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
Aydin Sarac is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 1778
There is no such employee.
Canan Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bagcilar branch are: 117599
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 2067
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Atilgan Guler is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
Fulya Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Derinkuyu branch is Felek Koc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Battalgazi branch is Halim Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Aykut Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Gizmen Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbay Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Erkut Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 3378
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Konak branch is Gizmen Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baglar branch is Kamer Guler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keban branch are: 134835
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Dilbirin Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yesilyurt branch is Loya Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Evren branch is Ihya Cetin.
Jade Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mamak branch is Faize Guler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faysal Dag is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Manager of the Pursaklar branch is Gani Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 3087
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Ezeli Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 2448
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farah Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cinar branch is Danyal Korkmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cinar branch this month are: 2662
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Darende branch this month are: 1927
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Aba Karahan.
There is no such employee.
Hale Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Acigol branch this month are: 2650
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 3105
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Lice branch is Karya Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kestel branch is Fevzi Saglam.
İdil Mengi is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Ezeli Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kulp branch are: 122317
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deryanur Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Inanna Yigit.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 2795
Gıyas Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Afitap Saglam.
Manager of the Darende branch is Merzuka Ucar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Daime Ozdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beypazari branch this month are: 3855
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 3032
Mahibe Akbas is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Evin Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Azmi Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 3397
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Derinkuyu branch this month are: 3048
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huseyin Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Dilfigar Senol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Beliz Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hurel Cicek is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eren Aksu is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Torbali branch this month are: 239
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Araban branch are: 116151
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bagcilar branch this month are: 174
Manager of the Hacibektas branch is Kardelen Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Destan Aslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İlke Cetin is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Afitap Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 410
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Torbali branch is Delistan Ozdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch are: 112140
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch are: 124718
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Golbasi branch this month are: 252
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 1018
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ibrahim Aksu is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 596
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Golbasi branch this month are: 387
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canfeda Genc is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Inanna Cicek is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanbey Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 1217
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sehitkamil branch is Farika Oz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Fatih branch is Ihsan Kara.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch are: 120374
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hurkan Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
Hurel Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habide Gunes is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cinar branch this month are: 629
Ihsan Alp is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Cannur Ozdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelin Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dogansehir branch is Levin Oz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhaneli branch is Fadime Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Elmadag branch this month are: 495
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 1170
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 1181
There is no such employee.
Fırat Aygun is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalsar Ari is dismissed from branch: Keban.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irsad Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cankat Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukorhan branch is Benan Toprak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakverdi Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sariyer branch is Fadile Demirci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokben Guler is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferdi Mengi is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch are: 127063
There is no such employee.
Dirlik Sarac is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lebibe Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 1130
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hizir Senol is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cigli branch is Hafsa Ipek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yazihan branch is Hamza Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fenni Demirci is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdurrahman Polat is dismissed from branch: Keban.
There is no such employee.
Ilci Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch are: 119594
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Darende branch is Merzuka Ucar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pursaklar branch this month are: 1727
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lamia Saglam is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 2128
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch are: 121156
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 1964
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 1592
Girin Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kuluncak branch are: 120862
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 1634
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayla Cicek is leaving from branch: Lice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hikmet Dag is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
Gaffur Sari is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kuluncak branch are: 120862
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch this month are: 2456
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keban branch this month are: 2258
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farika Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bagcilar branch this month are: 1405
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Cannur Ozdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Evgin Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kuluncak branch is Gezer Duran.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 1013
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dildar Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Efehan Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kuluncak branch is Gezer Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch are: 122132
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 1855
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Araban branch is Canel Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tire branch this month are: 2674
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hacibektas branch this month are: 1582
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Kafiye Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Aba Karahan.
There is no such employee.
Dehan Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iknat Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sereflikochisar branch this month are: 1497
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 1938
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Badem Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceren Toker is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huri Uzun is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch are: 115216
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kuluncak branch this month are: 1933
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch are: 126634
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jinmir Gunes is dismissed from branch: Lice.
There is no such employee.
Alara Aygun is leaving from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 123015
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Araban branch this month are: 2306
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanbeğendi Yigit is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Hamide Temel.
There is no such employee.
Merze Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 2564
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keles branch are: 129151
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Memduha Seker is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Diba Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Balkoç Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Destan Aslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Acigol branch is Fatma Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lemide Aksu is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 2763
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 3165
Halim Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 1857
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cinar branch is Danyal Korkmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch this month are: 3556
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cesme branch this month are: 2599
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 3540
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jinmir Alkan is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch are: 131941
There is no such employee.
Erim Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cigli branch this month are: 3140
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lerzan Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Furkan Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Lice branch is Karya Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 3086
Total bonuses for the Bahcelievler branch this month are: 3017
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Havin Acar is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Total bonuses for the Yedisu branch are: 126988
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Dilbirin Aydin.
Abdülalim Aytac is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ejder Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 3327
Filinta Yigit is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başak Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 3399
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebecen Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Osmangazi branch this month are: 2377
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feza Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Burç Yildiran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 129401
There is no such employee.
Esmeray Ipek is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 2148
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Daime Ozdemir.
Hejmar Senol is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokay Toprak is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edhem Kocak is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daya Kara is dismissed from branch: Araban.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 4788
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 4014
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 3408
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Cannur Ozdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamaset Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakan/Abakay Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 3466
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 3891
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edahses Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 4074
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Diba Acar is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Meserret Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdem Ari is dismissed from branch: Araban.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lerze Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Başak Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Mahzure Kilicaslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feray Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Demirbilek Yuksel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 4837
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Battalgazi branch is Halim Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilfeza Dede is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Destan Aslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bangu Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beypazari branch are: 123962
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bahcelievler branch are: 126310
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mefharet Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Halas Demir.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 5271
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Melike Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bagcilar branch this month are: 3180
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 81
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayfer Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Araban.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cinar branch this month are: 21
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kainat Karakas is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lİla Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Araban branch is Canel Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kulp branch is Derin Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Burç Yildiran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lebibe Mengi is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Destecan Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Can Arslan is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Aysel Buyuk.
Total bonuses for the Orhaneli branch this month are: 334
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Lice branch are: 124000
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Halas Demir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Beliz Er is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kaymak Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faris Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Inanna Yigit.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekmeleddin Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
Cavide Nas is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ganimet Alp is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tire branch this month are: 747
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Cenah Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cinar branch is Danyal Korkmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fer Erkan is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erendil Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Ezgi Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kezban Kilic is dismissed from branch: Lice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huseyin Taskin is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Kafiye Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bediz Mert is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mamak branch is Faize Guler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 1660
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Evren branch is Ihya Cetin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Aykut Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Gizmen Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Badem Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 1030
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilsafa Senol is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Aysel Buyuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fahrettin Sahin is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Aba Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deha Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Germa Aytac is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gizmen Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aysun Erkan is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
Gazel Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Konak branch is Gizmen Aksu.
Feleytun Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Garibe Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eren Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 1240
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Başak Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Dilfigar Senol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faik Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ceydanur Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Osmangazi branch is Kader Sari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ildem Toprak is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayla Aydin is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edra Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Akyurt branch is Lİna Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sehitkamil branch is Farika Oz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Bahamra Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Başak Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feza Sahin is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 823
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylan Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekenel Toprak is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yedisu branch is Davud Ay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Hamide Temel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yazihan branch this month are: 979
Gavsi Taskin is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Dilfigar Senol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Dorukhan Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Aykut Ozen.
Kevser Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhaneli branch is Fadime Aydin.
There is no such employee.
İclal Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Ezgi Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Lice branch is Karya Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Keban branch is Dünya Acar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Cannur Ozdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sehitkamil branch are: 122412
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasret Ari is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yedisu branch is Davud Ay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch are: 123785
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Ecevit Ozturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Pursaklar branch is Gani Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Darende branch this month are: 2559
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Davud Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jilda Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haki Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavin Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Maide Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Asiye Balta is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cesme branch this month are: 3067
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhaneli branch this month are: 2761
Total bonuses for the Buyukorhan branch this month are: 2693
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Mahru Kilicarslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hüdaverdi Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenler branch is Derem Acar.
There is no such employee.
Hasibe Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavin Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Darende branch is Merzuka Ucar.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yesilyurt branch this month are: 2530
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 2975
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erk Kuru is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ajda Uzun is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abat Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cigli branch is Hafsa Ipek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abadın Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bahcelievler branch is Bergen Mengi.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 3467
Gelincik Kose is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalya Kara is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mamak branch are: 123835
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kestel branch this month are: 2390
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Konak branch is Gizmen Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Derinkuyu branch is Felek Koc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadik Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kagithane branch is Gilyas Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch are: 129841
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Elmadag branch this month are: 4496
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadra Elmas is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch are: 117913
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cazibe Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Erinç Akpinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karsu Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazi Demir is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Canfeza Toprak.
Farise Aksu is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erendil Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
Total bonuses for the Bahcelievler branch are: 129012
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delfin Er is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
Halim Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Golbasi branch is Gokberk Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canipek Aytac is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Alara Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 3695
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hayat Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jalenur Aksu is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Evin Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adakli branch is Cankut Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 3717
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Cenah Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Meserret Durmaz.
Total bonuses for the Yazihan branch this month are: 2933
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Bahamra Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gaye Senol is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 4571
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yedisu branch this month are: 4617
Erdibike Kara is dismissed from branch: Keles.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 3784
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bilal Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhunde Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch are: 124325
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 3279
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Erinç Akpinar.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 3384
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Alara Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sehitkamil branch is Farika Oz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Loya Gunes is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keles branch this month are: 4542
Manager of the Keban branch is Dünya Acar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Basri Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Habib Erturk is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 4583
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eser Ozen is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kagithane branch is Gilyas Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habibullah Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Araban branch is Canel Aydemir.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Ayvaz Akpinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Benay Akbas is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
Fuzuli Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acarbey Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beypazari branch is Isinkan Senol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Meral Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aborkar Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elvan Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Fatih branch is Ihsan Kara.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Pursaklar branch is Gani Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fırtına Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Golbasi branch is Gokberk Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cezmiye Yigit is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanbeğendi Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Araban.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abgun Temel is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Ezgi Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Azmi Karahan is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Afitap Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yazihan branch are: 135091
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Levzi Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
Cemalnur Kose is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 81
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yazihan branch are: 135189
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadile Seker is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Osmangazi branch are: 121803
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mefharet Saglam is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 304
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cubuk branch this month are: 266
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 340
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Giram Ozen is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ildem Ucar is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 483
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sereflikochisar branch this month are: 184
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kuluncak branch are: 128888
There is no such employee.
Ertunga Tekin is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cigli branch this month are: 209
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huriye Koc is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cesme branch this month are: 116
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 727
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Efehan Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Evgin Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 163
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 194
Kadire Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Göçmen Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilkat Yasar is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kuluncak branch are: 129230
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baharnaz Elmas is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abak Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 800
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch are: 138212
There is no such employee.
Katun Kilic is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 680
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kuluncak branch this month are: 847
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Cannur Ozdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Ece Guler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 1013
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ganime Kilic is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beypazari branch this month are: 1450
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Arzu Ozen is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Melodi Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilferah Kaya is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 187
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 1530
There is no such employee.
Beliz Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yazihan branch this month are: 759
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch are: 127691
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yazihan branch this month are: 759
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 755
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 680
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yazihan branch this month are: 759
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 495
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eylem Cetin is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gevher Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch are: 128005
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fakirullah Sarac is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fecri Kose is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cenah Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Aysel Buyuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Füreyya Tekin is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 1199
Manager of the Cubuk branch is Damla Alkan.
Berkan Demir is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Ezeli Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Acigol branch this month are: 1509
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sereflikochisar branch this month are: 804
There is no such employee.
Delal Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 574
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Esennur Kaya is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daime Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferahfeza Arslan is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sereflikochisar branch this month are: 886
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habil Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamer Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Araban branch this month are: 705
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Darende branch this month are: 2382
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bakanay Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Durukan Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Torbali branch this month are: 1956
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 1297
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Araban branch this month are: 845
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ajda Aslan is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayaz Karakas is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ikan Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erkinay Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 1709
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tire branch this month are: 2185
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baharcan Ozen is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beypazari branch this month are: 2810
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakay Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fırat Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lamiha Saglam is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
Deran Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Keles.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keban branch this month are: 2601
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Lice branch is Karya Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch are: 126837
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 1675
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch are: 130225
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baha Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bahcelievler branch this month are: 2177
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yesilyurt branch this month are: 2348
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 2764
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 2404
There is no such employee.
Jefi Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erendil Kuru is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Maya Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kısmet Seker is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 2128
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cahide Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecevit Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eftal Aktas is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eceseren Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilsafa Elmas is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch are: 139747
Gorani Erkan is dismissed from branch: Keban.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Konak branch is Gizmen Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aysu Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 2706
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hafız Celik is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch are: 133485
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilaver Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aybars Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 2733
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 138835
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cesme branch this month are: 2781
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cesme branch this month are: 2781
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Asiye Guler is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Erendiz Kose.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch are: 136603
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdülalim Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 2763
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karin Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Keles.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Melodi Sari is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 2628
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch are: 138742
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 2896
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 4606
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yedisu branch are: 136963
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 4193
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahinur Aydin is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
Arzu Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aysu Ipek is dismissed from branch: Tire.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Battalgazi branch this month are: 3458
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 4332
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kafiye Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hacibektas branch are: 127136
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gerçek Kocak is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ezra Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch are: 135141
There is no such employee.
Durukan Uzun is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
There is no such employee.
Gaffar Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 4547
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cubuk branch this month are: 3658
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gencaslan Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 4721
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ishak Uzun is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beypazari branch this month are: 4600
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Elmadag branch this month are: 4928
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Acigol branch are: 130480
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kulp branch this month are: 3599
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canece Celik is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dayehatun Senol is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 3006
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamra Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahsure Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Canfeza Toprak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cubuk branch are: 129769
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 4422
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baglar branch is Kamer Guler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Doğannur Arslan is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bagcilar branch are: 130964
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 3767
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalım Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 5235
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayhan Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kulp branch this month are: 4664
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamza Acar is dismissed from branch: Keban.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 5444
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhaneli branch this month are: 5115
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 3753
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 5444
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 3186
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beypazari branch are: 134053
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 3853
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Akyurt branch this month are: 5390
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch are: 137659
Total bonuses for the Evren branch are: 129904
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bahcelievler branch is Bergen Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gevher Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazele Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 242
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 174
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yazihan branch this month are: 431
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jengar Erkan is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Derinkuyu branch this month are: 137
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elacık Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
There is no such employee.
Karsel Toprak is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 45
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 432
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aysu Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habide Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hurel Demir is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 457
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 267
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haktan Aytac is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 721
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 835
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 621
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Janseli Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jeyan Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 621
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acer Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
Total bonuses for the Hacibektas branch this month are: 1014
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Keban branch is Dünya Acar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Torbali branch are: 139712
There is no such employee.
Abad Aslan is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Fatih branch is Ihsan Kara.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kaila/Kayla Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Acigol branch are: 131764
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 1569
Total bonuses for the Cigli branch are: 143291
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch are: 140609
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derem Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 1515
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 898
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch are: 131096
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch are: 140494
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilfiruz Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferdi Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 1182
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dal Aydin is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukorhan branch this month are: 1465
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Afet Celik is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Darcan Kocak is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 1900
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 2449
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ediz Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keles branch this month are: 1757
There is no such employee.
Ecem Alkan is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch are: 136508
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abaza Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilemma Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 2251
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 1430
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebubekir Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sereflikochisar branch are: 136028
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cinar branch are: 135868
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sereflikochisar branch this month are: 2582
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferdi Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 1829
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kuluncak branch are: 136561
Aynur Ozen is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Golbasi branch this month are: 2907
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yazihan branch this month are: 2527
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Katre Ucar is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyla Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 1466
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 2250
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kainat Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
Erdoğan Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isfendiyar Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sereflikochisar branch this month are: 2831
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylak Kilic is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Gokben Uzun is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 1870
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bengi Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 2573
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 2895
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazh Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cankut Demir is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 3033
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haki Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Ilgat Uzun is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayra Yigit is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 2891
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilferah Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 3257
Erdoğan Ay is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 3610
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 3735
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanedan Ucar is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abak Akbas is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 133749
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavinya Alp is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Himmet Balta is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 2803
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Araban branch this month are: 3119
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 2957
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Araban branch this month are: 3163
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 3981
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huseyin Gul is dismissed from branch: Tire.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 4046
Total bonuses for the Keban branch this month are: 3461
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazel Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iraz Ari is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Atilla Toker is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
Dünya Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farah Ozen is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Ecevit Ozturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecevit Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pursaklar branch are: 133825
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 2761
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch are: 143046
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Destan Toker is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayberk Ay is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gamze Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 4194
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Torbali branch this month are: 3519
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Maya Celik is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 2276
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dahiye Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanife Polat is dismissed from branch: Tire.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch are: 134021
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gece Dag is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jarin Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 4402
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Garibe Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Osmangazi branch this month are: 3505
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kulp branch are: 140809
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Acigol branch this month are: 3736
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch are: 129101
Dafne Senol is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dogansehir branch this month are: 3083
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 3515
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 4882
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kestel branch this month are: 5520
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Derinkuyu branch this month are: 4618
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 2572
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 3426
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch are: 143273
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch are: 129101
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelincik Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 3687
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gencaslan Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacil Toprak is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
There is no such employee.
Canan Gunes is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 3493
There is no such employee.
Hakgüzar Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hakverdi Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Ebed Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 4687
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Behin Yasar is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 3181
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kevser Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Araban branch are: 135134
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yazihan branch is Hamza Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beypazari branch is Isinkan Senol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tire branch is Elacık Elmas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Inanna Yigit.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Golbasi branch is Gokberk Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch this month are: 443
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilfigar Gunay is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Destan Aslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 526
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jalenur Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cubuk branch are: 136957
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sehitkamil branch is Farika Oz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Dilbirin Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cigli branch this month are: 494
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keles branch this month are: 183
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Gizmen Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yazihan branch this month are: 467
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erendiz Cicek is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Dilkeste Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kuluncak branch is Gezer Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Dilfigar Senol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keban branch this month are: 419
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baglar branch is Kamer Guler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Canfeza Toprak.
There is no such employee.
Fakirullah Celik is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 748
Total bonuses for the Evren branch are: 134450
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beypazari branch is Isinkan Senol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Meral Celik is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hiram Acar is dismissed from branch: Keban.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eyşan Akbas is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ersevim Saglam is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 453
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch are: 139673
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Ebrak Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karina Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Ayvaz Akpinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch are: 143534
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 1402
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jefi Saglam is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kulp branch are: 142728
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Arzu Ay is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenler branch is Derem Acar.
There is no such employee.
Baran Kara is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Osmangazi branch is Kader Sari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Halas Demir.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 861
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Destan Aslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Galip Alp is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Mahru Kilicarslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Battalgazi branch this month are: 1175
Total bonuses for the Cigli branch this month are: 1137
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakim Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Osmangazi branch this month are: 1303
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beypazari branch is Isinkan Senol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Gizmen Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baglar branch is Kamer Guler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cubuk branch is Damla Alkan.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Afitap Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pursaklar branch this month are: 2056
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Burç Yildiran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keban branch this month are: 1650
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 1389
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 2493
There is no such employee.
Jefi Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 2493
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pursaklar branch this month are: 2222
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berk Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch are: 131369
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 2114
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Havin Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gıyas Er is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 1904
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 1674
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 2279
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Evin Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kagithane branch is Gilyas Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 1462
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Lice branch is Karya Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 1837
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Ebed Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hacibektas branch this month are: 2595
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Keban branch is Dünya Acar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch are: 146438
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pursaklar branch this month are: 2582
Manager of the Kagithane branch is Gilyas Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Dilkeste Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Kafiye Mengi.
There is no such employee.
Mahsure Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kardem Korkmaz is leaving from branch: Yazihan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canfeza Balta is dismissed from branch: Lice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yazihan branch this month are: 2808
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Akyurt branch this month are: 2298
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 3962
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Fatih branch is Ihsan Kara.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Aykut Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beypazari branch are: 142345
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Burç Yildiran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Demirbilek Yuksel.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 2410
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch this month are: 2103
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 1803
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Ezeli Aksoy.
Garabed Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Meserret Durmaz.
Total bonuses for the Mamak branch this month are: 3107
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lerzan Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Ezeli Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yazihan branch this month are: 3266
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 2748
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 1807
There is no such employee.
Kısmet Acar is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eser Er is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keban branch this month are: 3747
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karsel Taskin is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Dilkeste Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ira Mengi is leaving from branch: Golbasi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Afitap Saglam.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 3230
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikrettin Polat is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berkay Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
There is no such employee.
Barut Uzun is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch are: 153055
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Behçet Seker is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Belemir Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
There is no such employee.
Dirok Mert is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Manager of the Keles branch is Balin Durmaz.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 2643
Hafize Toker is dismissed from branch: Tire.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Ebrak Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 2857
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 3063
Ilgat Toprak is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Burç Yildiran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pursaklar branch this month are: 3805
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Dilkeste Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Derinkuyu branch this month are: 2891
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhaneli branch this month are: 3191
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hacibektas branch this month are: 3522
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bangu Gunay is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edebali Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Fatih branch is Ihsan Kara.
Maide Yasar is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Adalet Aygun is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacer Koc is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Acigol branch are: 138388
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Diclehatun Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gorani Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kestel branch this month are: 482
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cigli branch are: 150052
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canel Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch are: 139089
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch are: 147467
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huray Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch are: 140615
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İkbal Saglam is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch are: 147205
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Madelet Sarac is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acunalp Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylan Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canhanım Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadriye Ipek is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch are: 147714
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Golbasi branch are: 141598
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch are: 143906
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dijdar Sari is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gewez Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cahide Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mamak branch are: 139036
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 1125
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkin Akbas is dismissed from branch: Lice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhaneli branch this month are: 742
There is no such employee.
Ayberk Demirci is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farika Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 719
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ergin Uzun is dismissed from branch: Darende.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Battalgazi branch this month are: 724
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beypazari branch this month are: 1203
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 2322
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erna Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yazihan branch are: 149194
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 802
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbey Demir is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch are: 139883
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pursaklar branch are: 139177
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gencal Aslan is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gizer Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beypazari branch are: 144869
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sereflikochisar branch this month are: 1282
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abay Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch are: 144208
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavanta Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leman Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habib Sarac is leaving from branch: Kestel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalım Kaya is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hattat Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhunde Karahan is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch are: 151970
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhaneli branch are: 149719
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch are: 144967
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelincik Erkan is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch are: 147471
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sereflikochisar branch this month are: 2409
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch are: 140605
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 2391
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canan Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edgü Kilic is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazal Saglam is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdal Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Filiz Senol is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch are: 149833
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kuluncak branch are: 147278
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahzure Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pursaklar branch are: 140564
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ifakat Aslan is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keles branch are: 152053
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferid Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch are: 132341
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yazihan branch are: 151402
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bagcilar branch are: 143866
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Damla Gunay is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 141477
There is no such employee.
Erendil Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch are: 137035
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beypazari branch this month are: 4345
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abuşka Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Girgin Aytac is dismissed from branch: Lice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 3840
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 3451
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 3719
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keban branch are: 164461
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deryab Yasar is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch are: 157029
Eğmen Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Benan Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karya Taskin is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferid Ay is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keban branch are: 164798
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 3741
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilkcan Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch are: 137248
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gayret Kuru is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecir Gunes is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erinç Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Elmadag branch are: 149480
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Lice branch are: 142656
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdoğan Seker is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karmen Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bahcelievler branch are: 147200
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tire branch this month are: 4247
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch are: 136833
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Lice branch are: 142656
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch are: 139229
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sereflikochisar branch this month are: 4446
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Macide Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gedik Cetin is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakverdi Gul is leaving from branch: Akyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fidan Aygun is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihsan Kilicarslan is leaving from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch are: 154788
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Mahzure Kilicaslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bagcilar branch is Figen Aktas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mamak branch is Faize Guler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakay Uzun is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 265
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deran Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch are: 158527
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kestel branch is Fevzi Saglam.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hacibektas branch is Kardelen Ari.
Feyza Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Tire.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gece Aytac is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Keriman Demir is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch are: 142463
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 433
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch are: 150557
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch are: 146339
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cubuk branch are: 145089
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Donat Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sehitkamil branch is Farika Oz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch are: 144328
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haki Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cesme branch is Bartu Gunay.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch are: 152758
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Maide Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecehan Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cesme branch this month are: 595
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Derinkuyu branch is Felek Koc.
There is no such employee.
Macide Yasar is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deli Alkan is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Inanna Yigit.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kısmet Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habib Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kaymak Toker is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch are: 148955
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch are: 150883
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Ece Guler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Torbali branch this month are: 1936
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch are: 153381
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mamak branch are: 143140
Fadıla Polat is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch are: 152894
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceydanur Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Halas Demir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch are: 147735
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gencay Alp is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Maide Ucar is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 1834
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilhami Dag is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 147575
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecmel Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Erendiz Kose.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beypazari branch this month are: 1422
There is no such employee.
Edhem Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kulp branch are: 152333
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilkat Yigit is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 1316
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ertan Temel is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hacibektas branch is Kardelen Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Akyurt branch are: 156866
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lİla Gunes is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kuluncak branch is Gezer Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Golbasi branch are: 148216
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch are: 160219
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 147870
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huriye Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukorhan branch this month are: 1546
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erhan Kocak is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bagcilar branch are: 147321
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cubuk branch is Damla Alkan.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 2810
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Göçer Duran is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch are: 140123
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch are: 147842
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanedan Alp is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cilvekar Duran is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dogansehir branch is Levin Oz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Lice branch are: 145332
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 2127
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karadut Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Osmangazi branch are: 137376
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekim Acar is leaving from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feza Temel is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gaffar Temel is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mamak branch are: 144915
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 3631
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yesilyurt branch is Loya Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahsure Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yesilyurt branch is Loya Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch are: 155379
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başak Uzun is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ersevim Erkan is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Torbali branch is Delistan Ozdemir.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch are: 141056
There is no such employee.
Bergen Ay is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Alev Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 145587
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhaneli branch are: 155006
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilay Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayaz Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 150291
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch are: 149322
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 4682
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 2940
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 3326
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 3744
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Keban branch is Dünya Acar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aynur Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lİna Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hilkat Oz is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 3268
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch are: 147935
Total bonuses for the Tire branch are: 155802
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Girgin Er is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jinmir Uzun is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 146439
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hiram Tekin is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
There is no such employee.
Ildem Mert is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavanta Gunes is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aysu Cicek is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Furkan Polat is dismissed from branch: Araban.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hikmet Kose is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yesilyurt branch is Loya Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch are: 153524
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayra Gunay is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanife Yigit is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 4101
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ejder Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Aysel Buyuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belde Saglam is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch are: 150150
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulrezzak Kara is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahir Balta is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
Evrensel Yucel is dismissed from branch: Tire.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Itri Aslan is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 5581
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derman Er is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yedisu branch this month are: 5415
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hidayet Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatmanur Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Keban.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahiye Kose is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bozkaya Kara is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sahinbey branch is Fidan Ay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başar Yucel is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Felek Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fidan Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beypazari branch this month are: 204
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 156
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 123
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 152404
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dogansehir branch is Levin Oz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 962
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Erendiz Kose.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Aysel Buyuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bahcelievler branch this month are: 353
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bahcelievler branch this month are: 353
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yedisu branch this month are: 790
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Can Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 577
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dogansehir branch this month are: 756
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 354
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyli Celik is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch this month are: 1149
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 1209
Manager of the Bahcelievler branch is Bergen Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dünya Sarac is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kuluncak branch this month are: 733
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Battalgazi branch this month are: 625
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baglar branch is Kamer Guler.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Alara Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Felek Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Osmangazi branch this month are: 951
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Hamide Temel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhaneli branch is Fadime Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yedisu branch this month are: 1427
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Meserret Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bagcilar branch is Figen Aktas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Meral Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 996
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keban branch this month are: 1471
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 920
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kaymak Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Hamide Temel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Kafiye Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fahri Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhunde Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ganime Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Mahzure Kilicaslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Halas Demir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Araban branch this month are: 802
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cinar branch this month are: 1721
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Mahzure Kilicaslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Birsoy Yasar is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Aysel Buyuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pursaklar branch this month are: 1395
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Destan Aslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Mahzure Kilicaslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mamak branch this month are: 2646
Dildar Aytac is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kestel branch is Fevzi Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Ezeli Aksoy.
Manager of the Sehitkamil branch is Farika Oz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 1061
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Itri Erturk is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Inanna Yigit.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tire branch is Elacık Elmas.
There is no such employee.
Ledeyna Temel is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Afitap Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canal Ozen is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
Manager of the Elmadag branch is Hurol Yucel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elvan Yasar is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hafsa Kose is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 2184
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sehitkamil branch this month are: 2165
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bagcilar branch is Figen Aktas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yesilyurt branch is Loya Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Lice branch this month are: 1827
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 1708
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hacibektas branch this month are: 1535
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Akyurt branch is Lİna Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Karmen Kilic.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 2343
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Canfeza Toprak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gizem Buyuk is leaving from branch: Kestel.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 2604
There is no such employee.
Hades Balta is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hacibektas branch this month are: 1671
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhaneli branch is Fadime Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdülalim Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sehitkamil branch is Farika Oz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dündar Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lal Acar is dismissed from branch: Darende.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Aykut Ozen.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Ecevit Ozturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 3655
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Meserret Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 2489
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 3655
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irak Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Lice branch this month are: 2485
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenler branch is Derem Acar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 2136
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Evgin Temel is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Manager of the Bagcilar branch is Figen Aktas.
There is no such employee.
Bahise Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keban branch this month are: 2415
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dayehatun Kocak is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kulp branch is Derin Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mamak branch this month are: 3342
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cesme branch is Bartu Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Torbali branch this month are: 2834
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 2632
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Cannur Ozdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bagcilar branch this month are: 2874
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farik Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jerfi Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 4054
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 4711
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yesilyurt branch this month are: 2271
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Darende branch is Merzuka Ucar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halas Aslan is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 3090
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 4162
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Karmen Kilic.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Evren branch is Ihya Cetin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Ebed Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gaye Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Keles branch is Balin Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgaz Temel is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yedisu branch is Davud Ay.
Gazale Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yesilyurt branch is Loya Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 4317
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Dilkeste Duran.
Manager of the Lice branch is Karya Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Alara Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
Keriman Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bagcilar branch this month are: 3463
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cemalnur Gul is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
There is no such employee.
Durukan Duran is dismissed from branch: Araban.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dirok Yigit is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Enginsel Temel is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 4410
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cinar branch is Danyal Korkmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Aykut Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgaz Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilkeste Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Kevser Genc.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 2452
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adakli branch is Cankut Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Keban branch is Dünya Acar.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 3728
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fercan Kara is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yazihan branch is Hamza Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferruh Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adakli branch is Cankut Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İdil Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Eser Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Lice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Maide Duran is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 4947
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 4375
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 4653
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 3631
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Cenah Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Derinkuyu branch this month are: 4661
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 4197
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Erinç Akpinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 4910
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 4146
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cinar branch is Danyal Korkmaz.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 4290
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Mahru Kilicarslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Acigol branch is Fatma Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Mahzure Kilicaslan.
Hadice Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Konak.
Manager of the Yedisu branch is Davud Ay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delice Demir is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahmure Mert is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 3818
Total bonuses for the Cigli branch this month are: 4923
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canela Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Ebrak Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadra Saglam is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 4125
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacı Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Adile Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahru Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Derinkuyu branch is Felek Koc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelincik Kuru is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karya Ucar is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Golbasi branch is Gokberk Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Evren branch is Ihya Cetin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beypazari branch this month are: 5341
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Darende branch this month are: 5248
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Inanna Yigit.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cubuk branch this month are: 5673
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Golbasi branch this month are: 3697
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Loya Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Dilbirin Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Felit Gul is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Karmen Kilic.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadime Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Ezeli Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazale Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hacibektas branch are: 149098
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Demirbilek Yuksel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatmanur Toprak is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Ezeli Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faika Kose is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
There is no such employee.
Dilsozi Mert is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Afet Aytac is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch are: 154901
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferruh Guler is dismissed from branch: Lice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakikat Uzun is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamit Ay is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch are: 155718
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Acigol branch is Fatma Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aydonat Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fezai Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canay Erkan is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kaymak Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ganime Seker is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sariyer branch is Fadile Demirci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Felit Aslan is leaving from branch: Keban.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kaniye Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 157311
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Erendiz Kose.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhaneli branch is Fadime Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Akyurt branch is Lİna Yilmaz.
Total bonuses for the Sereflikochisar branch this month are: 2137
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 2319
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hacibektas branch this month are: 1387
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 2347
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 2115
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhaneli branch is Fadime Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mefharet Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch are: 161453
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cinar branch is Danyal Korkmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kafiye Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikret Dag is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İlayda Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 2694
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukorhan branch is Benan Toprak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İclal Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 2225
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hatice Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faris Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Giram Ipek is dismissed from branch: Tire.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eğilmez Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Meserret Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 1885
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferruh Tekin is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kardem Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mefharet Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gorani Temel is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamit Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acer Erkan is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kuluncak branch are: 159170
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abat Arslan is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Madelet Aytac is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cinar branch are: 158507
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch are: 160889
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferzin Dag is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cinar branch is Danyal Korkmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delal Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cavlan Aktas is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derem Yigit is leaving from branch: Arguvan.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 3052
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceren Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cankat Taskin is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Darcan Aydin is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 3838
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duran Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
Ganime Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 3095
There is no such employee.
Abaza Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
Ikan Oz is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cinar branch is Danyal Korkmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch are: 156810
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Elmadag branch is Hurol Yucel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Golbasi branch this month are: 2827
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beypazari branch this month are: 3419
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayla Sahin is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gorani Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamaset Alp is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
Dilfeza Mert is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cigli branch is Hafsa Ipek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dogansehir branch are: 149765
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilci Erkan is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazel Erturk is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huriye Erkan is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 154270
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berkan Guler is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Garabed Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kestel branch are: 156434
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gizem Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hizir Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 4099
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cinar branch is Danyal Korkmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Mahzure Kilicaslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feray Kuru is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakgüzar Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Battalgazi branch is Halim Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbas Erkan is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 4520
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Donat Seker is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bozdemir Avci is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Lice branch this month are: 4407
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Acigol branch are: 154241
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deryab Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Kafiye Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Darende branch are: 152422
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gani Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgi Gunes is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakverdi Uzun is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Canfeza Toprak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keles branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Battalgazi branch this month are: 141
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 222
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Araban branch is Canel Aydemir.
Cemalnur Erkan is leaving from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kulp branch this month are: 174
There is no such employee.
Fakri Duran is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulhamit Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 172
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahrem Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tire branch this month are: 340
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Keles branch is Balin Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 341
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 67
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Lice branch this month are: 169
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Osmangazi branch is Kader Sari.
Manager of the Sile branch is Aykut Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Kafiye Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Demirbilek Yuksel.
Manager of the Golbasi branch is Gokberk Karahan.
Manager of the Cubuk branch is Damla Alkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch are: 167996
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Karmen Kilic.
There is no such employee.
Ferruh Gunay is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Evren branch is Ihya Cetin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilcan Senol is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalım Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Golbasi branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 468
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 589
Total bonuses for the Pursaklar branch this month are: 867
There is no such employee.
Halef Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kulp branch this month are: 307
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 564
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 274
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukorhan branch this month are: 473
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kuluncak branch is Gezer Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Derinkuyu branch are: 155233
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Lice branch are: 158085
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bagcilar branch is Figen Aktas.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 576
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 1046
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jerfi Gunes is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Derinkuyu branch this month are: 820
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Ecevit Ozturk.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Ece Guler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keban branch this month are: 1039
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habibullah Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kainat Akbas is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Meserret Kuru is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Daime Ozdemir.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Ezeli Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Derinkuyu branch is Felek Koc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Demirbilek Yuksel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 1235
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch are: 153880
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 1221
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Elmadag branch this month are: 1215
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 823
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cigli branch this month are: 1140
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deryab Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sariyer branch is Fadile Demirci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch this month are: 1270
There is no such employee.
Habib Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sereflikochisar branch is Hincal Toprak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yazihan branch are: 170353
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Araban branch this month are: 1226
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Pursaklar branch is Gani Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Burç Yildiran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Gizmen Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sehitkamil branch this month are: 1837
Manager of the Genc branch is Ece Guler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fehim Genc is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Daime Ozdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Kevser Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 2541
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 1651
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pursaklar branch this month are: 1547
Total bonuses for the Hacibektas branch this month are: 1538
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keban branch this month are: 1394
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 973
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 1415
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Mahru Kilicarslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 2046
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 1550
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Keles branch is Balin Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cinar branch this month are: 556
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jefi Temel is dismissed from branch: Keban.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamdullah Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Dilbirin Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berat Yasar is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch are: 160545
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 1696
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 2443
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 1603
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 2443
Fadile Kara is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 1679
There is no such employee.
Lebibe Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Golbasi branch this month are: 1059
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Destan Aslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Battalgazi branch is Halim Yilmaz.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 1817
Manager of the Tire branch is Elacık Elmas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 2326
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayla Aslan is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Gizmen Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Osmangazi branch is Kader Sari.
There is no such employee.
Canay Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Mahru Kilicarslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yedisu branch is Davud Ay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Lice branch is Karya Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Dilfigar Senol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gizer Demirci is leaving from branch: Esenler.
Total bonuses for the Orhaneli branch are: 168864
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Konak branch is Gizmen Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Burç Yildiran.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Cenah Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch this month are: 1725
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Golbasi branch is Gokberk Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bahcelievler branch this month are: 1928
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cesme branch is Bartu Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cesme branch this month are: 2266
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Asuman Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Keban branch is Dünya Acar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Battalgazi branch this month are: 2203
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukorhan branch this month are: 1705
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 2640
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Elmadag branch this month are: 2879
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Meserret Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Hamide Temel.
There is no such employee.
Fulya Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cinar branch this month are: 1381
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cubuk branch this month are: 1486
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Doruk Aytac is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
Total bonuses for the Battalgazi branch this month are: 2328
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 2180
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sehitkamil branch this month are: 2311
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 2619
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ildir Karahan is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cigli branch are: 171486
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cinar branch is Danyal Korkmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cigli branch this month are: 2407
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fırat Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Yesilyurt branch this month are: 1336
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Darende branch is Merzuka Ucar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 2785
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yedisu branch this month are: 2438
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yazihan branch this month are: 2504
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Ebrak Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Golbasi branch is Gokberk Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yazihan branch this month are: 2560
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Inanna Yigit.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferahfeza Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Gizmen Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Elmadag branch this month are: 3025
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Karmen Kilic.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mamak branch this month are: 2729
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 3667
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Aykut Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch are: 174348
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Kafiye Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Dilkeste Duran.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 2547
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Debernuş Kuru is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 3419
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Lice branch is Karya Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beypazari branch this month are: 3142
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukorhan branch this month are: 2031
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 3521
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 2949
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Akyurt branch are: 170554
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatoş Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Osmangazi branch is Kader Sari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 3360
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Ebrak Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beypazari branch this month are: 3339
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bagcilar branch is Figen Aktas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Larasu Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Keles branch is Balin Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Ezeli Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abadan Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sehitkamil branch is Farika Oz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Konak branch is Gizmen Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Inanna Yigit.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 234
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ajda Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mayra Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 179
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Konak branch is Gizmen Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Erinç Akpinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Mahru Kilicarslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Demirbilek Yuksel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Ecevit Ozturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Inanna Yigit.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Erendiz Kose.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 469
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Halas Demir.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Burç Yildiran.
Kayla Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 429
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Battalgazi branch is Halim Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bahcelievler branch is Bergen Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Derinkuyu branch is Felek Koc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Ebed Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canela Kocak is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keban branch this month are: 571
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 861
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Dorukhan Gunes.
Total bonuses for the Torbali branch this month are: 696
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gaye Ipek is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bagcilar branch is Figen Aktas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Cannur Ozdemir.
Bakinaz Toker is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazire Ipek is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyla Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Firuze Tekin is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadime Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
Manager of the Araban branch is Canel Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdülalim Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Cenah Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 608
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Funda Mengi is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 685
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yesilyurt branch is Loya Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beypazari branch this month are: 646
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazal Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Cannur Ozdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tire branch is Elacık Elmas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eti Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 1631
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Mahzure Kilicaslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 1200
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 726
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamis Senol is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Battalgazi branch this month are: 1192
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Dilbirin Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Birol Tekin is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 1457
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhaneli branch is Fadime Aydin.
Canipek Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feray Duran is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yedisu branch this month are: 1470
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 919
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edhem Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kısmet Sari is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Halas Demir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Darende branch is Merzuka Ucar.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 1438
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Felek Erkan.
Manager of the Keban branch is Dünya Acar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhaneli branch this month are: 1137
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 1110
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kuluncak branch this month are: 1543
There is no such employee.
Lalin Yigit is dismissed from branch: Keban.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Ayvaz Akpinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tire branch is Elacık Elmas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adakli branch is Cankut Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Daime Ozdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 758
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 939
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 1803
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karin Aslan is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fenniye Guler is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mamak branch is Faize Guler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yazihan branch this month are: 1961
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Erendiz Kose.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 1227
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bagcilar branch are: 164269
Leyli Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kainat Sari is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mamak branch this month are: 1832
Aytekin Yucel is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dogansehir branch this month are: 2666
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamile Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kestel branch this month are: 1450
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cubuk branch this month are: 1473
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yazihan branch this month are: 2170
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Meserret Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Osmangazi branch is Kader Sari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kestel branch is Fevzi Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch this month are: 2616
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cubuk branch this month are: 1595
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Torbali branch this month are: 2089
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Gizmen Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baskın Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokberk Nas is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hacibektas branch is Kardelen Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch this month are: 2242
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cinar branch is Danyal Korkmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canane Balta is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kainat Kilic is dismissed from branch: Lice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 1565
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bahcelievler branch this month are: 2079
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Golbasi branch is Gokberk Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yazihan branch this month are: 2642
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halilullah Guler is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Akyurt branch is Lİna Yilmaz.
Manager of the Tire branch is Elacık Elmas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Dilfigar Senol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Afitap Saglam.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Dorukhan Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Demirbilek Yuksel.
There is no such employee.
Fenniye Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Ecevit Ozturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Ebed Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kaymak Saglam is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fermani Kara is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Total bonuses for the Derinkuyu branch this month are: 3162
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Keles branch is Balin Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch this month are: 3405
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Husamettin Dede is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bagcilar branch this month are: 2490
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 2226
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Falaz Ipek is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Efehan Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Felek Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mensure Cetin is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hale Er is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Elmadag branch this month are: 2360
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Evin Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yedisu branch this month are: 3547
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 3515
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Gizmen Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 3043
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Alara Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tire branch this month are: 3696
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sereflikochisar branch is Hincal Toprak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Ayvaz Akpinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 3259
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cubuk branch this month are: 2911
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Osmangazi branch this month are: 3646
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Darende branch this month are: 3654
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adakli branch is Cankut Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Kevser Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukorhan branch this month are: 3015
Manager of the Darende branch is Merzuka Ucar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Destan Aslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 5371
Manager of the Karsel branch is Kevser Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kestel branch is Fevzi Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Erendiz Kose.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Demirbilek Yuksel.
Manager of the Kestel branch is Fevzi Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Akyurt branch this month are: 3363
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Dilbirin Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Destan Aslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hattat Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baglar branch is Kamer Guler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Torbali branch this month are: 75
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadra Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cigli branch this month are: 570
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haldun Aytac is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayfer Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cinar branch this month are: 151
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bahcelievler branch this month are: 389
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Inanna Alp is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Battalgazi branch is Halim Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iyiturk Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 328
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gilyas Tekin is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cesme branch is Bartu Gunay.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Battalgazi branch this month are: 510
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahise Senol is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sehitkamil branch is Farika Oz.
Cankat Aydin is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Afitap Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delal Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Evin Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 352
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fidan Senol is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Aykut Ozen.
Manager of the Elmadag branch is Hurol Yucel.
Belemir Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Golbasi branch is Gokberk Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hatice Kaya is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Erinç Akpinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 1267
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feridun Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Destan Aslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Başak Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Inanna Yigit.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bagcilar branch is Figen Aktas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kestel branch is Fevzi Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sehitkamil branch is Farika Oz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Aysel Buyuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Fatih branch is Ihsan Kara.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 914
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Burç Yildiran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Dorukhan Gunes.
Manager of the Sariyer branch is Fadile Demirci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Inanna Yigit.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Karmen Kilic.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 1671
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cesme branch this month are: 872
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Erinç Akpinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Osmangazi branch this month are: 1568
Manager of the Mamak branch is Faize Guler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Meserret Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Karmen Kilic.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Azad Taskin is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karina Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yazihan branch this month are: 1583
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylan Aslan is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Ebrak Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dogansehir branch this month are: 1596
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Dilkeste Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Lice branch this month are: 1478
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Ezeli Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demirbilek Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Dilfigar Senol.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sariyer branch is Fadile Demirci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukorhan branch is Benan Toprak.
Abendam Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Darende branch is Merzuka Ucar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Hamide Temel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 1794
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Cenah Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Konak branch is Gizmen Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cinar branch is Danyal Korkmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fırat Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Torbali branch this month are: 1069
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sariyer branch is Fadile Demirci.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 2111
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irsat Aydin is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Janbek Temel is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Hamide Temel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebrar Nas is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cesme branch is Bartu Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Aysel Buyuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Keles branch is Balin Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cinar branch this month are: 1710
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yedisu branch is Davud Ay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başar Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bagcilar branch is Figen Aktas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ildiz Karahan is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Dilkeste Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Golbasi branch is Gokberk Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 2316
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 2780
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mefharet Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dogansehir branch are: 161193
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenler branch is Derem Acar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatmanur Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Konak branch is Gizmen Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Battalgazi branch this month are: 3223
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhaneli branch is Fadime Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Ebed Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Battalgazi branch this month are: 3381
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 3225
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Osmangazi branch this month are: 2735
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Derinkuyu branch is Felek Koc.
Evgin Alp is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhan Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Gizmen Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jaledar Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Kulp.
There is no such employee.
Erinç Erturk is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
Lale Mert is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Ezeli Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilcan Sahin is leaving from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Acigol branch is Fatma Ceylan.
Manager of the Golbasi branch is Gokberk Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Erinç Akpinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hikmet Erkan is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dogansehir branch this month are: 4362
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delal Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Ebrak Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jade Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lerzan Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Keban.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 2817
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cinar branch is Danyal Korkmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Torbali branch are: 177316
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Destan Aslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Evren branch is Ihya Cetin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Golbasi branch is Gokberk Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Kafiye Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Burç Yildiran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Gizmen Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Erinç Akpinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahiye Temel is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Katmer Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Evren branch is Ihya Cetin.
Total bonuses for the Cubuk branch this month are: 3721
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Dilbirin Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 3663
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Akyurt branch is Lİna Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lema Senol is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Total bonuses for the Cesme branch this month are: 3044
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Fatih branch is Ihsan Kara.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Osmangazi branch is Kader Sari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derince Alp is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beypazari branch is Isinkan Senol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 4245
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kuluncak branch this month are: 3795
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 4377
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kuluncak branch is Gezer Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 4584
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 3953
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Acigol branch this month are: 4552
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 4112
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fercan Taskin is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fermande Alp is dismissed from branch: Darende.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sereflikochisar branch are: 171134
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch are: 175958
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lale Ipek is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kuluncak branch is Gezer Duran.
Manager of the Dogansehir branch is Levin Oz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 188
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Darcan Yigit is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Azmi Acar is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Karmen Kilic.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 165444
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 188
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cesme branch is Bartu Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kulp branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch are: 176329
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Dilkeste Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Inanna Yigit.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Karmen Kilic.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 421
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukorhan branch are: 178184
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Hamide Temel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Acigol branch is Fatma Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Mahzure Kilicaslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sariyer branch is Fadile Demirci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Bahamra Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huri Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aydonat Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch are: 172128
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch this month are: 519
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Darende branch is Merzuka Ucar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mamak branch is Faize Guler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Evren branch is Ihya Cetin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 836
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yesilyurt branch is Loya Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Felat Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sariyer branch is Fadile Demirci.
Manager of the Sariyer branch is Fadile Demirci.
Manager of the Kuluncak branch is Gezer Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Ezgi Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cubuk branch is Damla Alkan.
Fazh Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sehitkamil branch is Farika Oz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Efehan Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 771
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Ezgi Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Keban branch is Dünya Acar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cubuk branch is Damla Alkan.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Gizmen Tuncer.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Aysel Buyuk.
Manager of the Acigol branch is Fatma Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahiye Koc is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yesilyurt branch is Loya Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Gizmen Tuncer.
Daltekin Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch are: 178340
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Evin Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Destan Aslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Elmadag branch this month are: 994
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 1883
Manager of the Buyukorhan branch is Benan Toprak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch are: 176489
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kuluncak branch are: 173106
Total bonuses for the Sereflikochisar branch are: 173515
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Felek Erkan.
Manager of the Sehitkamil branch is Farika Oz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 2413
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikrettin Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Ebrak Erkan.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhaneli branch is Fadime Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Lice branch this month are: 1323
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Kevser Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 1926
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Keles branch is Balin Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdal Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Osmangazi branch are: 159295
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Pursaklar branch is Gani Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cigli branch is Hafsa Ipek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Osmangazi branch are: 159295
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 1459
There is no such employee.
Ecrin Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch are: 179455
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yedisu branch is Davud Ay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sahinbey branch is Fidan Ay.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Felek Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cesme branch is Bartu Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 1827
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Golbasi branch this month are: 1862
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 1363
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch are: 177210
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kuluncak branch are: 173698
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Bahamra Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 1615
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Dilbirin Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Ebrak Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jalenur Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Tire.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kafiye Dag is leaving from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yazihan branch this month are: 2534
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 167406
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kuluncak branch this month are: 2383
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 1533
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Kafiye Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mamak branch is Faize Guler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamis Ari is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hursit Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Cenah Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 1835
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhaneli branch is Fadime Aydin.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 2813
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Ece Guler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hacibektas branch are: 166010
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kulp branch is Derin Seker.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Halas Demir.
There is no such employee.
Baran Kocak is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch are: 177143
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cinar branch is Danyal Korkmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karina Ipek is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Erim Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Lice branch this month are: 2339
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylifer Saglam is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yazihan branch this month are: 2795
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kestel branch are: 167891
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhaneli branch is Fadime Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Katmer Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gizem Karakas is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Battalgazi branch is Halim Yilmaz.
Erk Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mamak branch this month are: 2653
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lalin Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halilullah Oz is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Erinç Akpinar.
Ekenel Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Lice branch is Karya Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch are: 177131
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 2567
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Battalgazi branch this month are: 2117
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Inanna Yigit.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Halas Demir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faik Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dogansehir branch is Levin Oz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cigli branch is Hafsa Ipek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 3718
Manager of the Yazihan branch is Hamza Karahan.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Canfeza Toprak.
Manager of the Cesme branch is Bartu Gunay.
There is no such employee.
Haveri Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 2287
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikri Polat is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch are: 174659
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihlamur Yasar is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eylem Saglam is dismissed from branch: Lice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilmi Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Golbasi branch is Gokberk Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beypazari branch this month are: 88
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Golbasi branch are: 170862
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Canfeza Toprak.
Hale Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Burç Kaya is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Harika Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edayi Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 673
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kulp branch this month are: 304
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bakanay Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 460
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gediz Sahin is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demir Yasar is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
Layike Yucel is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hacibektas branch is Kardelen Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekmeleddin Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatoş Ipek is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacı Balta is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
Manager of the Sehitkamil branch is Farika Oz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Başak Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
Ifakat Uzun is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dogansehir branch is Levin Oz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isinkan Ipek is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Golbasi branch is Gokberk Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Darende branch is Merzuka Ucar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulhamit Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gıyas Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 741
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Darende branch is Merzuka Ucar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İlayda Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Elmadag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lema Nas is dismissed from branch: Keban.
Fehim Dede is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Battalgazi branch this month are: 1098
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belgin Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Meserret Durmaz.
Manager of the Tire branch is Elacık Elmas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yedisu branch is Davud Ay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cesme branch this month are: 673
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Osmangazi branch this month are: 1279
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Galip Aydin is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Dorukhan Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazire Ucar is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 1526
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch are: 174947
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keban branch are: 196499
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cubuk branch this month are: 1560
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kulp branch this month are: 1674
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch are: 176083
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 1990
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yesilyurt branch are: 177249
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yesilyurt branch are: 177473
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 1618
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daime Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch are: 181179
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch are: 180351
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavanta Aksu is dismissed from branch: Araban.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch are: 173290
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch are: 174308
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch are: 170386
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Harika Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch are: 181376
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Acigol branch are: 171016
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch are: 174422
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch are: 174422
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jade Nas is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yedisu branch are: 182448
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yesilyurt branch are: 177735
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 2335
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canan Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Erendiz Kose.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cubuk branch is Damla Alkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kuluncak branch are: 177807
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Akyurt branch are: 182088
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 2073
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Battalgazi branch is Halim Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelincik Gunes is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 3432
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 2395
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canel Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch are: 166041
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Erinç Akpinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Ece Guler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch are: 176757
Total bonuses for the Darende branch this month are: 2413
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch are: 176881
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ezeli Koc is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yedisu branch is Davud Ay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Meral Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Beypazari.
Manager of the Yesilyurt branch is Loya Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 170154
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Golbasi branch are: 173663
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch are: 178106
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yedisu branch is Davud Ay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 3541
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Erinç Akpinar.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mamak branch are: 175745
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazil Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch are: 182899
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 3384
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Ayvaz Akpinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch are: 188616
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aygen Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch are: 175262
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cesme branch is Bartu Gunay.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 2907
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bahcelievler branch is Bergen Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deran Aydin is leaving from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Acigol branch are: 171481
Total bonuses for the Orhaneli branch are: 183848
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kestel branch is Fevzi Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazilet Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yesilyurt branch this month are: 191
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Aykut Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cinar branch is Danyal Korkmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Evin Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mensure Yigit is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Durukan Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Darende branch this month are: 965
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Battalgazi branch this month are: 144
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Ebrak Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aytekin Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bahcelievler branch is Bergen Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Akyurt branch is Lİna Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ece Aslan is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Bahamra Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 1228
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ifakat Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fecri Koc is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
Manager of the Kagithane branch is Gilyas Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihya Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Ebrak Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Elmadag branch this month are: 1049
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ajda Ari is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Felek Mengi is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habib Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikrettin Mert is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekim Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Dilbirin Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abduş Polat is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Evren branch is Ihya Cetin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 1220
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Evren branch is Ihya Cetin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kulp branch is Derin Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gani Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Mahru Kilicarslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 1832
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadile Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylan Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 2069
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch are: 177878
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ertunga Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Dilbirin Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acem Koc is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 2210
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadis Taskin is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derin Gul is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hidayet Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 2183
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 2734
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 3088
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamis Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delice Er is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kaila/Kayla Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aygen Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamdullah Nas is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Alev Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgar Kucuk is leaving from branch: Tire.
Halas Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Battalgazi branch is Halim Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eftal Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 3330
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamra Cicek is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beypazari branch are: 182692
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Mahru Kilicarslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Keles branch is Balin Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Keles branch is Balin Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 3505
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sehitkamil branch this month are: 3825
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch are: 185188
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Inanna Yigit.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch are: 185333
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bakanay Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kagithane branch is Gilyas Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dafne Sari is dismissed from branch: Yesilyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sehitkamil branch is Farika Oz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bagcilar branch is Figen Aktas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Fatih branch is Ihsan Kara.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahariye Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Tire.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kuluncak branch this month are: 63
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 151
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kuluncak branch is Gezer Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 436
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Bahamra Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 520
Manager of the Hazro branch is Başak Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bagcilar branch is Figen Aktas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cinar branch this month are: 535
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 122
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bahcelievler branch this month are: 351
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Elmadag branch is Hurol Yucel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cesme branch this month are: 425
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Konak branch is Gizmen Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch are: 185944
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch are: 182211
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keles branch this month are: 324
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Afitap Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 630
Total bonuses for the Keban branch are: 202916
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dogansehir branch is Levin Oz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Mahru Kilicarslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilaver Tekin is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahire Alp is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eğilmez Nas is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 339
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bahcelievler branch this month are: 624
There is no such employee.
Dalince Mert is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erim Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kulp branch are: 186036
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch are: 189048
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Derinkuyu branch this month are: 872
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lİla Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feyzullah Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Ebed Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecesoy Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kulp branch are: 186151
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Battalgazi branch is Halim Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Ezgi Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Karmen Kilic.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 671
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadime Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Lerzan Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylak Ari is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mamak branch are: 180649
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 881
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 1575
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hacibektas branch are: 174638
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Janset Ay is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
Total bonuses for the Cubuk branch are: 180405
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Felek Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cemalnur Toprak is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
Izgutay Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Total bonuses for the Keban branch this month are: 970
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Battalgazi branch this month are: 1018
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cesme branch is Bartu Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sereflikochisar branch this month are: 1003
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch are: 179324
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gerçek Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Araban branch are: 175099
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 1544
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 183583
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Elmadag branch this month are: 2717
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 991
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keles branch are: 191946
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch are: 172202
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 1129
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yesilyurt branch this month are: 844
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Medar Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhaneli branch this month are: 2154
Manager of the Cinar branch is Danyal Korkmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kuluncak branch are: 183372
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 1862
Demiralp Nas is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Ezgi Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 1629
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bala Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edebali Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cubuk branch this month are: 1919
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 1265
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch are: 182900
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 1705
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 1682
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cubuk branch this month are: 2097
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 2139
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daristan Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dilfiruz Genc is leaving from branch: Yedisu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Osmangazi branch are: 170268
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 1558
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keles branch are: 192455
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Evin Aygun.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yedisu branch is Davud Ay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kagithane branch is Gilyas Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 2205
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 1726
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Konak branch is Gizmen Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 2205
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edhem Kara is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 1517
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch are: 189704
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 1976
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch are: 190691
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukorhan branch this month are: 1905
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bakanay Toprak is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Araban branch this month are: 3044
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kulp branch are: 187294
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 2015
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Erinç Akpinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch are: 193209
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Derinkuyu branch is Felek Koc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Darende branch this month are: 2599
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Derinkuyu branch is Felek Koc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Osmangazi branch is Kader Sari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 2924
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 2924
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 3127
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Kevser Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kestel branch this month are: 1903
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 2035
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mamak branch is Faize Guler.
There is no such employee.
Adile Ozen is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sehitkamil branch this month are: 2241
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Osmangazi branch are: 171446
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 2436
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilaver Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Battalgazi branch is Halim Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 2483
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erensu Acar is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 2326
Total bonuses for the Sehitkamil branch this month are: 2392
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 3467
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Acigol branch are: 178713
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch this month are: 3440
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Halas Demir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sehitkamil branch this month are: 2608
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cigli branch is Hafsa Ipek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhat Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sehitkamil branch is Farika Oz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 2382
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Araban branch this month are: 3644
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Husam Ay is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
Total bonuses for the Derinkuyu branch this month are: 3142
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Etkin Kocak is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kagithane branch is Gilyas Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanbeğendi Saglam is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Golbasi branch is Gokberk Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cesme branch is Bartu Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 3102
Total bonuses for the Dogansehir branch this month are: 3189
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Golbasi branch is Gokberk Karahan.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 3523
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dogansehir branch this month are: 3189
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Inanna Yigit.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelin Sari is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhaneli branch is Fadime Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Pursaklar branch is Gani Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Elmadag branch this month are: 5033
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Mahzure Kilicaslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cubuk branch this month are: 3794
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 2776
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Dilbirin Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Celile Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Konak branch is Gizmen Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cesme branch is Bartu Gunay.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 4189
Total bonuses for the Cesme branch this month are: 4584
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aysu Akbas is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Araban branch this month are: 4950
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sariyer branch is Fadile Demirci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukorhan branch are: 191226
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kestel branch are: 180112
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ezgi Aydin is dismissed from branch: Mamak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Katmer Aydin is dismissed from branch: Yazihan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekber Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhaneli branch are: 193056
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sehitkamil branch this month are: 3374
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Inanna Yigit.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 4380
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch are: 174419
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 3012
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bagcilar branch is Figen Aktas.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 3012
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kader Ozen is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ledeyna Aktas is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 3386
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch are: 195083
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 3730
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 4569
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 2637
There is no such employee.
Elbek Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 3870
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 5169
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 4199
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Araban branch are: 178437
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Gizmen Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyli Aygun is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Araban branch this month are: 290
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tire branch this month are: 85
Total bonuses for the Lice branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Dilkeste Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Cenah Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Osmangazi branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bagcilar branch this month are: 199
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 246
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 144
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 188
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aysun Elmas is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 177
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 265
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Ecevit Ozturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bahcelievler branch is Bergen Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 726
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beypazari branch this month are: 787
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 378
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhaneli branch is Fadime Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cinar branch this month are: 685
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dayehatun Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tire branch this month are: 876
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huri Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch this month are: 529
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 310
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keles branch this month are: 422
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Falaz Oz is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Bahamra Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Osmangazi branch this month are: 826
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 1000
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 840
Huri Dede is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Halas Demir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 451
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 1099
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 806
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 847
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 724
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Erendiz Kose.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mamak branch this month are: 915
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cigli branch this month are: 893
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cigli branch is Hafsa Ipek.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 785
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 1305
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 892
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 1675
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 903
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Inanna Yigit.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 1362
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hacibektas branch this month are: 1147
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haldun Arslan is dismissed from branch: Cinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebrar Duran is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Akyurt branch this month are: 1541
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Akyurt branch this month are: 1541
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abat Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Keban.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Elmadag branch this month are: 2170
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elmira Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Battalgazi branch is Halim Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Başak Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tire branch this month are: 2022
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 2119
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Istemihan Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Darende.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cigli branch is Hafsa Ipek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Meserret Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Inanna Yigit.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hacibektas branch this month are: 1323
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatmanur Acar is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keles branch this month are: 1447
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 1007
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Halas Demir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 1444
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irsat Aygun is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cinar branch this month are: 2212
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hacibektas branch is Kardelen Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derya Demir is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 1847
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 1741
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 3076
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Darende branch this month are: 1388
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 1778
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Dilfigar Senol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Lice branch is Karya Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 1534
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sariyer branch is Fadile Demirci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kestel branch this month are: 1061
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 2037
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 2198
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgaz Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kagithane branch is Gilyas Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Araban branch this month are: 2084
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cinar branch is Danyal Korkmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 1509
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Davud Aksu is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Akyurt branch this month are: 2378
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch this month are: 2728
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cinar branch this month are: 2791
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 2687
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 2611
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kulp branch this month are: 2737
Manager of the Baglar branch is Kamer Guler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Battalgazi branch this month are: 2561
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pursaklar branch this month are: 2263
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Igdemir Ucar is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yazihan branch is Hamza Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cigli branch this month are: 2600
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feleytun Elmas is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keban branch this month are: 1976
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 2154
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 1661
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 3282
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 3131
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 188873
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yedisu branch this month are: 3213
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayla Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Ebed Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Göçer Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Osmangazi branch are: 174114
Gevher Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Tire.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Dorukhan Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch are: 187515
Total bonuses for the Keles branch this month are: 96
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Ezgi Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Battalgazi branch this month are: 180
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 513
Mahinur Temel is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yazihan branch are: 198274
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elanaz Kilic is dismissed from branch: Keban.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhaneli branch is Fadime Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 179
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch are: 191025
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Ebrak Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sereflikochisar branch this month are: 572
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dehna Aygun is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadife Seker is leaving from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tire branch this month are: 885
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Aysel Buyuk.
Total bonuses for the Elmadag branch this month are: 625
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahriye Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 270
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch are: 185852
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cesme branch this month are: 320
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Battalgazi branch this month are: 420
Manager of the Haymana branch is Afitap Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 278
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 532
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Larissa Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yesilyurt branch is Loya Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hacibektas branch this month are: 160
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cubuk branch are: 186634
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Ayvaz Akpinar.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 576
Bala Erkan is dismissed from branch: Lice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 200362
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Darende branch is Merzuka Ucar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kuluncak branch is Gezer Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beypazari branch are: 189398
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 609
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Aba Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch are: 201991
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lamiha Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tire branch this month are: 1366
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Efdal Aslan is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bagcilar branch this month are: 349
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Ezgi Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 686
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadife Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hacibektas branch is Kardelen Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Fatih branch is Ihsan Kara.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mamak branch this month are: 777
Total bonuses for the Golbasi branch this month are: 1795
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 978
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 1024
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Destan Aslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Inanna Yigit.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenler branch is Derem Acar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Acigol branch is Fatma Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 575
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tire branch is Elacık Elmas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kuluncak branch is Gezer Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kuluncak branch this month are: 2148
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cigli branch this month are: 646
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Osmangazi branch this month are: 1579
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 1415
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 1084
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebubekir Balta is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 180758
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhaneli branch this month are: 1060
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kestel branch this month are: 1035
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bahcelievler branch is Bergen Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 1376
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Alara Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Golbasi branch this month are: 2240
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yedisu branch this month are: 1393
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch are: 189476
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Hamide Temel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adakli branch is Cankut Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 1208
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cesme branch is Bartu Gunay.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Aykut Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cesme branch this month are: 1349
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceydacan Mengi is leaving from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yedisu branch this month are: 1393
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 2026
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keban branch are: 210964
Manager of the Dogansehir branch is Levin Oz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Darende branch are: 179647
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Elmadag branch are: 198331
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Kevser Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Cenah Kucuk.
Total bonuses for the Golbasi branch this month are: 2515
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 2396
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Torbali branch this month are: 1193
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Darende branch this month are: 1459
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 1675
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch are: 196481
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Etfal Yasar is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cubuk branch is Damla Alkan.
Total bonuses for the Cigli branch this month are: 1560
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 2138
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 989
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 1963
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Ezgi Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelenay Aygun is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch are: 200599
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhaneli branch is Fadime Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gezer Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aytunç Erkan is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Akyurt branch this month are: 1312
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Ayvaz Akpinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Akyurt branch this month are: 1312
Total bonuses for the Cigli branch are: 201953
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 1948
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Lice branch is Karya Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kuluncak branch this month are: 3082
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch are: 196593
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beypazari branch this month are: 1723
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 189183
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Akyurt branch this month are: 1369
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Canfeza Toprak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Devrim Guler is leaving from branch: Hacibektas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 1614
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sehitkamil branch this month are: 1999
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adakli branch is Cankut Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Aysel Buyuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch are: 186970
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhaneli branch this month are: 1969
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 2235
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 2505
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yesilyurt branch are: 191242
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 2416
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 1441
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Konak branch is Gizmen Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cinar branch this month are: 2429
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dogansehir branch is Levin Oz.
There is no such employee.
Haveri Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Dilkeste Duran.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Dilkeste Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hacibektas branch is Kardelen Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 2737
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 2692
Manager of the Kuluncak branch is Gezer Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sereflikochisar branch is Hincal Toprak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Golbasi branch this month are: 3711
There is no such employee.
Abendam Demirci is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhaneli branch this month are: 2521
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 2946
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch are: 185443
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 1890
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Mahru Kilicarslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 1890
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Araban branch are: 183169
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halef Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhaneli branch is Fadime Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Inanna Yigit.
There is no such employee.
Kadire Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Torbali.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 3064
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 3534
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Lice branch this month are: 3110
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Lice branch is Karya Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Dilkeste Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Inanna Yigit.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Ezeli Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Aysel Buyuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Derinkuyu branch this month are: 3827
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhaneli branch this month are: 2778
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch are: 201427
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch are: 197725
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Golbasi branch are: 189010
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 4061
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 3021
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Ece Guler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 3516
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
Germa Aksu is dismissed from branch: Tire.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 0
Atilgan Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 151
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jenin Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Layza Elmas is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 163
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahise Tekin is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 168
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kardelen Tekin is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hacibektas branch is Kardelen Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bahcelievler branch is Bergen Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Erendiz Kose.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canan Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Darende branch is Merzuka Ucar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isinkan Akbas is dismissed from branch: Buyukorhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halide Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keban branch are: 213655
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Battalgazi branch this month are: 645
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 619
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch are: 199070
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Golbasi branch is Gokberk Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Girin Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Dogansehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Ezeli Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 768
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Evren branch is Ihya Cetin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Dilfigar Senol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalan Karahan is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bagcilar branch is Figen Aktas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Mahzure Kilicaslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cesme branch are: 188079
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Keban branch is Dünya Acar.
Fitnat Mert is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Gizmen Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kestel branch this month are: 2019
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hacibektas branch are: 183921
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 1918
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ermiye Kocak is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikrettin Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahire Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Dilkeste Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch are: 192410
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Benan Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 2241
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hacibektas branch this month are: 1541
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahire Kilic is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakan/Abakay Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abadan Mert is dismissed from branch: Osmangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch are: 189846
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dorukhan Gunes is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
Feridun Toprak is promoted from Cook to Manager.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Acigol branch this month are: 2412
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keles branch this month are: 2990
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Birmen Gunes is dismissed from branch: Akyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cinar branch is Danyal Korkmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbilge Dag is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Erendiz Kose.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Bahamra Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Acigol branch are: 188758
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mesudane Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kuluncak branch are: 196065
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiser Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mamak branch is Faize Guler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 2456
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beypazari branch are: 194054
Manager of the Osmangazi branch is Kader Sari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mamak branch are: 192250
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 2739
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hazan Ozen is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 3002
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Bahamra Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 2768
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gezgin Alp is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keban branch this month are: 3021
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sereflikochisar branch is Hincal Toprak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 50
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dildar Cetin is dismissed from branch: Acigol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hazal Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch are: 191732
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beypazari branch is Isinkan Senol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Torbali branch is Delistan Ozdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keban branch this month are: 251
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tire branch is Elacık Elmas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch are: 199932
Manager of the Yesilyurt branch is Loya Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dildan Gul is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aber Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Lice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhan Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 332
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 600
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Keriman Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 536
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch are: 192807
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tire branch are: 205821
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 1624
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edra Yasar is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahiye Balta is leaving from branch: Dogansehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Lice branch this month are: 1067
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 1615
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bahcelievler branch is Bergen Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dayehatun Senol is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Afitap Saglam.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 1135
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 1081
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch are: 197292
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 1140
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhaneli branch is Fadime Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylim Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch are: 198051
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Aykut Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch are: 197257
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 1294
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakgüzar Duran is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cigli branch is Hafsa Ipek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Derinkuyu branch this month are: 2791
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 1190
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 1506
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch are: 194626
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Aykut Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bagcilar branch this month are: 1702
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 2611
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch are: 208930
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch are: 196756
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Akyurt branch is Lİna Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch are: 203781
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eğilmez Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch this month are: 2230
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gaffar Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kuluncak branch this month are: 2935
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch are: 196948
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 2887
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch are: 206505
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acarhatun Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazh Cetin is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Araban branch is Canel Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
Fuzuli Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Dilbirin Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acarbike Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Orhaneli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilhami Avci is dismissed from branch: Hacibektas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch are: 200520
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halas Sahin is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch are: 200520
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 3553
Total bonuses for the Osmangazi branch this month are: 2581
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jilda Kose is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kestel branch is Fevzi Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sehitkamil branch is Farika Oz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 3067
Ilci Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ejder Aslan is dismissed from branch: Bagcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 2099
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Meserret Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamelya Er is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Filiz Erkan is dismissed from branch: Lice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feray Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Sereflikochisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 4082
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hacibektas branch this month are: 3037
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 3283
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Behçet Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bagcilar branch is Figen Aktas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Battalgazi branch this month are: 4872
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 3102
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 3752
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukorhan branch this month are: 3632
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch are: 207153
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cinar branch is Danyal Korkmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch are: 205558
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch are: 202757
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Mahzure Kilicaslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch are: 192428
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 22
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Meserret Durmaz.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 192
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Kevser Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Ayvaz Akpinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch are: 202687
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikri Erkan is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 256
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hatunana Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Halas Demir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sereflikochisar branch this month are: 561
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Erendiz Kose.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Araban branch is Canel Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Hamide Temel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadime Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adakli branch is Cankut Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sariyer branch is Fadile Demirci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erna Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baglar branch is Kamer Guler.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Aysel Buyuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Acigol branch is Fatma Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Lice branch is Karya Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch are: 200057
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yesilyurt branch this month are: 416
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Cenah Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Destan Aslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cubuk branch is Damla Alkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bengi Gunes is dismissed from branch: Darende.
Felit Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Golbasi branch is Gokberk Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bagcilar branch this month are: 527
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Ecevit Ozturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukorhan branch this month are: 1143
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Ayvaz Akpinar.
Fatine Avci is dismissed from branch: Keles.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delice Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kulp branch is Derin Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Pursaklar branch is Gani Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Dilbirin Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 523
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Felek Erkan.
Isfendiyar Tekin is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cavlan Cicek is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kuluncak branch is Gezer Duran.
Cankat Cicek is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Aysel Buyuk.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cubuk branch is Damla Alkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 1325
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ifakat Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cigli branch is Hafsa Ipek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Golbasi branch are: 198885
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Acigol branch this month are: 1183
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Erinç Akpinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Larissa Aktas is leaving from branch: Darende.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lalin Mengi is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Elmadag branch this month are: 824
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cinar branch this month are: 1779
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 2033
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukorhan branch this month are: 1729
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Dilkeste Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Mahzure Kilicaslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Bahamra Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Kevser Genc.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch are: 206111
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acer Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Tire.
Manager of the Buyukorhan branch is Benan Toprak.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Pursaklar branch is Gani Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch are: 206293
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Durul Alp is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 1217
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Felek Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Acigol branch this month are: 1501
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adakli branch is Cankut Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irsad Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 1935
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cigli branch is Hafsa Ipek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Ezeli Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İlayda Dede is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Erinç Akpinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sereflikochisar branch are: 201143
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Ece Guler.
Fitnat Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch are: 202768
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cubuk branch are: 198983
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Lice branch is Karya Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilsafa Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Feridun Toprak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch are: 202942
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch are: 204643
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cesme branch is Bartu Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Battalgazi branch is Halim Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Torbali branch is Delistan Ozdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahinur Gunay is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Total bonuses for the Akyurt branch are: 204121
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 1580
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Battalgazi branch this month are: 1787
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch are: 189264
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beypazari branch this month are: 1594
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Cannur Ozdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 1701
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekenel Kuru is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Burç Yildiran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kevser Erkan is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukorhan branch is Benan Toprak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cihanay Aydin is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 2597
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceydasu Cicek is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Alara Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Bahamra Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Halas Demir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dildan Ipek is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Darende branch is Merzuka Ucar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sehitkamil branch is Farika Oz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dogansehir branch is Levin Oz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Daime Ozdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Battalgazi branch is Halim Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baglar branch is Kamer Guler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kagithane branch is Gilyas Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 3081
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Darende branch are: 191655
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch are: 215367
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Karmen Kilic.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cubuk branch this month are: 2428
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tire branch is Elacık Elmas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keles branch are: 210567
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cigli branch this month are: 3062
Manager of the Dogansehir branch is Levin Oz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 3451
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Mahzure Kilicaslan.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch are: 197172
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgaz Acar is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Battalgazi branch this month are: 2844
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 201866
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Torbali branch this month are: 3192
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baglar branch is Kamer Guler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cavlan Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Etfal Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kulp branch is Derin Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Akyurt branch is Lİna Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Cannur Ozdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beypazari branch are: 200613
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cubuk branch is Damla Alkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dogansehir branch is Levin Oz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 4163
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch are: 201917
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Felek Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch are: 198575
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Aysel Buyuk.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 3178
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 2961
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Canfeza Toprak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Feridun Toprak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhaneli branch are: 210390
Total bonuses for the Kestel branch this month are: 2954
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 218
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mamak branch are: 200813
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kaniye Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 143
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aytekin Ipek is dismissed from branch: Kuluncak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Lice branch are: 198039
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mamak branch this month are: 224
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch are: 191210
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Evin Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cubuk branch is Damla Alkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hediye Yasar is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 639
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhaneli branch this month are: 426
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Osmangazi branch this month are: 536
There is no such employee.
Demiralp Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakverdi Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Ecevit Ozturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch are: 209124
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch are: 205300
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch are: 208497
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 382
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baldemir Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Acigol branch this month are: 1317
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch are: 208831
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Golbasi branch are: 202390
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Kevser Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 783
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Elmadag branch is Hurol Yucel.
Total bonuses for the Buyukorhan branch are: 210543
There is no such employee.
Firuze Genc is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cesme branch this month are: 1087
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yazihan branch this month are: 1720
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 845
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 1812
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Acigol branch is Fatma Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aleyna Demir is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Evgin Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sereflikochisar branch is Hincal Toprak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Araban branch this month are: 1864
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hafize Kuru is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Derinkuyu branch is Felek Koc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Mahzure Kilicaslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 2108
Total bonuses for the Battalgazi branch are: 210608
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 198104
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sereflikochisar branch are: 204930
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daltekin Ari is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch are: 216916
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Darende branch this month are: 1270
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 2848
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keles branch are: 214658
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mamak branch are: 202931
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Golbasi branch are: 204328
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Başak Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Bahamra Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch are: 208299
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch are: 193036
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhaneli branch are: 212845
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aykut Tekin is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Karmen Kilic.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habib Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
There is no such employee.
Bakanay Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch are: 204716
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch are: 195663
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamide Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 2855
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Bahamra Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch are: 204024
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Erendiz Kose.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Evren branch is Ihya Cetin.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cinar branch are: 203782
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sereflikochisar branch are: 206056
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Janbek Mert is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Lice branch this month are: 3119
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bakinaz Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fakihe Yasar is dismissed from branch: Araban.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gamze Tekin is leaving from branch: Kulp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 3234
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch are: 201915
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kısmet Er is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhaneli branch is Fadime Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Erinç Akpinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Ezeli Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Funda Taskin is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gani Nas is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Akyurt branch is Lİna Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cinar branch is Danyal Korkmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamza Sari is leaving from branch: Sereflikochisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Darende branch are: 194858
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bengi Yasar is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Başak Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tire branch is Elacık Elmas.
Cansel Tekin is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cigli branch is Hafsa Ipek.
Fariha Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 561
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Kafiye Mengi.
Total bonuses for the Cigli branch are: 219897
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Cannur Ozdemir.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dogansehir branch is Levin Oz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Ebed Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilhami Yucel is dismissed from branch: Araban.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Aysel Buyuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Fatih branch is Ihsan Kara.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Halas Demir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiser Korkmaz is leaving from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gizem Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Burç Yildiran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Osmangazi branch is Kader Sari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Derinkuyu branch is Felek Koc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Birol Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Cannur Ozdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beypazari branch is Isinkan Senol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dogansehir branch is Levin Oz.
Manager of the Pursaklar branch is Gani Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Keles branch is Balin Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Afitap Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Efehan Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Ezeli Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch are: 202807
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sahinbey branch is Fidan Ay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdullah Koc is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Destan Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Barut Demir is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aydonat Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Araban.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cesme branch is Bartu Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Ece Guler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dogansehir branch is Levin Oz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Gizmen Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yedisu branch is Davud Ay.
There is no such employee.
Filiz Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Layza Senol is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sariyer branch is Fadile Demirci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Kevser Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bahcelievler branch is Bergen Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tire branch is Elacık Elmas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Darende branch is Merzuka Ucar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Keban branch is Dünya Acar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yedisu branch is Davud Ay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Germa Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bahcelievler branch is Bergen Mengi.
There is no such employee.
Baharnaz Aydin is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch are: 210665
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Lice branch is Karya Aydemir.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Başak Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Torbali branch is Delistan Ozdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cubuk branch is Damla Alkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 1548
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch are: 217226
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukorhan branch is Benan Toprak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tire branch are: 219234
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kagithane branch is Gilyas Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Osmangazi branch is Kader Sari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yazihan branch is Hamza Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kuluncak branch are: 210446
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Dilkeste Duran.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Felek Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hulusi Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Gizmen Tuncer.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch are: 209129
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Gizmen Tuncer.
Manager of the Pursaklar branch is Gani Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
Kayla Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lebriz Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Adalet Guler is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fakri Sarac is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sereflikochisar branch is Hincal Toprak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yesilyurt branch is Loya Cebeci.
Manager of the Kuluncak branch is Gezer Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Daime Ozdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Lice branch is Karya Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haluk Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Osmangazi branch is Kader Sari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Halas Demir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Damra Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bahcelievler branch is Bergen Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tire branch is Elacık Elmas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beypazari branch is Isinkan Senol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Füreyya Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Battalgazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bagcilar branch is Figen Aktas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahariye Alp is dismissed from branch: Araban.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daya Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch are: 212795
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keban branch this month are: 11
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Araban branch is Canel Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Golbasi branch is Gokberk Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Battalgazi branch this month are: 440
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mamak branch this month are: 24
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cilvekar Toprak is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferdi Aytac is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch are: 205836
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Dilfigar Senol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 385
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 608
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch are: 204731
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch are: 222130
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 968
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pursaklar branch are: 203930
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kestel branch are: 202477
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukorhan branch this month are: 214
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch are: 212649
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Golbasi branch is Gokberk Karahan.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch are: 205373
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Destan Aslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feza Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Felek Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch are: 207731
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yesilyurt branch are: 212238
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 857
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iyiturk Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Loya Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Cesme.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Ayvaz Akpinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kagithane branch is Gilyas Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch are: 213829
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mefharet Kilic is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 1389
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Battalgazi branch this month are: 1504
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cesme branch is Bartu Gunay.
There is no such employee.
Abak Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yedisu branch is Davud Ay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elanaz Sari is dismissed from branch: Yedisu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch are: 211797
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yedisu branch are: 219866
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bagcilar branch are: 207505
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belemir Celik is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecir Yucel is dismissed from branch: Bahcelievler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daristan Seker is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch are: 211412
Germa Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch are: 208431
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canfeda Gul is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch are: 199397
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch are: 213783
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Konak branch is Gizmen Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 1419
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Araban branch is Canel Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch are: 210454
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Barbaros Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Cubuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Dilbirin Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sehitkamil branch this month are: 2109
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 210728
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beypazari branch is Isinkan Senol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cinar branch this month are: 1758
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Evren branch is Ihya Cetin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch are: 218966
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch are: 205809
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İdil Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Sehitkamil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch are: 216250
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kestel branch this month are: 1604
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yesilyurt branch is Loya Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Acigol branch are: 205342
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Araban branch are: 202317
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hafsa Sahin is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bagcilar branch is Figen Aktas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Derinkuyu branch is Felek Koc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch are: 198961
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Burç Yildiran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 211174
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yazihan branch this month are: 1391
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beypazari branch this month are: 2392
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Lice branch this month are: 3054
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahrur Aslan is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bagcilar branch are: 208319
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 2383
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch are: 208768
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch are: 212400
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iraz Toker is dismissed from branch: Cigli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecebay Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Evin Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Golbasi branch is Gokberk Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 3197
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Başak Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 2139
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch are: 216767
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fuzuli Erturk is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch are: 211997
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Harika Toprak is dismissed from branch: Kestel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Evren branch is Ihya Cetin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch are: 216686
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 3044
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Lice branch this month are: 3993
Manager of the Yedisu branch is Davud Ay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 3595
Total bonuses for the Yesilyurt branch are: 213566
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pursaklar branch this month are: 3885
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Keles branch are: 223357
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Akyurt branch are: 213817
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kısmet Kocak is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beypazari branch this month are: 3213
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pursaklar branch this month are: 3885
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Afitap Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Canfeza Toprak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Evren branch is Ihya Cetin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hacibektas branch are: 202875
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cigli branch is Hafsa Ipek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch are: 211985
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 2669
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Egealp Taskin is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch are: 212399
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Halas Demir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 4007
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekmeleddin Ay is dismissed from branch: Pursaklar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Birmen Balta is dismissed from branch: Derinkuyu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Filiz Toprak is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilci Erturk is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch are: 215837
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hacibektas branch are: 203009
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Elmadag branch is Hurol Yucel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalsar Avci is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canane Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Golbasi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahir Erkan is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 4271
Total bonuses for the Cinar branch are: 210366
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hazal Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Dilfigar Senol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cemresu Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 3965
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cannur Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kuluncak branch this month are: 4762
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kulp branch are: 216549
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Ebrak Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yazihan branch this month are: 3764
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hacibektas branch is Kardelen Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
1.13877
