Dalya Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Aybars Ceylan.
Jade Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekenel Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iris Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadim Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Girin Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Medar Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abakay Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isfendiyar Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feza Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Beliz Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Garibe Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdurrahman Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilsozi Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isa Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ifakat Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdurrahman Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dileda Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Merzuka Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jilda Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bera Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Keriman Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Medar Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canperver Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Huseyin Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Huriye Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Habide Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahperi Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ildir Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feyza Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gelin Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ezeli Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylan Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdi Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aylin Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cihanay Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdullah Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edhem Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Palu branch is Göçmen Cicek.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch this month are: 242
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 0
Gizmen Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Beliz Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadime Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İlayda Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aykut Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 321
Fatine Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Merze Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahrume Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Bakirkoy branch this month are: 275
Falaz Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Buca branch is Dilferah Demirci.
Aydonat Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fena Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feza Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Hani branch is Levin Yilmazer.
Huri Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 355
Aynur Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Doganyol branch is Fenni Ekinci.
İlke Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Layza Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilay Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilkcan Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hidayet Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ihvan Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilemma Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lema Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Daya Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fakihe Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch are: 428
Leyla Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 354
Ebrak Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ezeli Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch this month are: 498
Fakihe Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abakan/Abakay Yigit is leaving from branch: Ergani.
Leylak Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hattat Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahire Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceydasu Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferhan Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamaset Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lebibe Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abad Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Darcan Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ertan Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lebibe Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leyli Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Macide Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ezgi Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hayal Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Memduha Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Duran Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanedan Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Huri Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Evin Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ezra Senol is leaving from branch: Agin.
Damla Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feray Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ganime Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dayehatun Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irsad Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fahir Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilcan Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mediha Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baran Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Maide Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Insel Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karen Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gıyas Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Debernuş Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazel Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamiyet Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hayat Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilkcan Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilhami Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgi Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Göçmen Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demirezen Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch are: 687
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch this month are: 758
Efehan Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Delice Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aborkar Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatmanur Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gizmen Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ejder Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karmen Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bergen Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch are: 336
Gevher Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fariha Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahise Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faide Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hincal Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Başak Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ildir Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kayansel Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gani Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferdi Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cihanay Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Firuze Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahizar Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jade Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jalenur Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aysun Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahise Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbilge Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Meserret Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Alara Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feyza Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadra Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aydemir Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Eftal Erturk.
Lİla Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lavanta Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eser Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferzin Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Katun Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 199
Hakverdi Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 867
Figen Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acarbey Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecegül Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deli Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Celile Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Destan Aytac is leaving from branch: Maltepe.
Hamra Kose is leaving from branch: Hekimhan.
Iris Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Meral Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ikan Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edahses Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leyla Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch are: 982
Abdullah Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farah Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dal Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faruk Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jehat Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdoğan Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fermande Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eylem Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Bayindir branch is Berke Genc.
Hiram Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abadan Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Basim Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faden Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gediz Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gizem Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derman Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylan Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Füreyya Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ihlamur Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilemma Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aborkar Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Katmer Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hasibe Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Idris Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hacil Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gizem Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eti Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faika Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatine Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gaffar Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aba Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ikram Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İlayda Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balca Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilkeste Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceren Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erhan Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lamia Aytac is leaving from branch: Karabaglar.
Total bonuses for the Esenyurt branch this month are: 1270
Afet Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ganime Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Diclehatun Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Afitap Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch are: 1065
Makbule Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lerzan Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Felat Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferahfeza Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gece Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Filizer Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isfendiyar Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mecide Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Alara Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilfeza Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Karaburun branch is Füreyya Dede.
Galibe Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feyza Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eser Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balkiz Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mayra Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kevser Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Adalet Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kayra Karahan is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
Gewez Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hakim Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feridun Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Danyal Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 1166
Fadıla Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebrar Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdülalim Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Behin Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feza Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahur Yildirim is leaving from branch: Harmancik.
Aysun Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 2607
Abbad Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ihlamur Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canay Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demiralp Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Daim Celik.
Ilgi Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ezgi Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Candan Oz is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
Kamile Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lerze Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gilyas Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gece Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadra Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fekahet Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fazıl Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edaay Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalsar Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canela Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahir Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Daya Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jehat Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Janbek Yuksel is leaving from branch: Uskudar.
Total bonuses for the Yeditepe branch are: 1317
Manager of the Haymana branch is Eftal Erturk.
Leyla Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatma Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dijdar Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Habibullah Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cihanay Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lamiye Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Mayra Demir.
Filizer Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gencaslan Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baharcan Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalya Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eren Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baharcan Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 2143
Ilci Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dirim Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 1539
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch are: 2099
Cezmiye Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Asuman Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jehat Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferruh Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erna Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdulhamit Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Danyal Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faden Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hacil Senol is leaving from branch: Hekimhan.
Felat Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lİna Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Emel Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Himmet Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 759
Abuşka Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fahri Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fuad Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Avanos branch this month are: 1599
Ceydasu Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Katun Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abadın Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Hanife Balta.
Canan Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Altindag branch are: 1236
Hanife Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekenel Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatma Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Diba Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch this month are: 1460
Mahzure Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 1516
Manager of the Aliaga branch is Galibe Ozen.
Janset Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Filizer Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Devrim Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dijdar Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Lİla Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belgi Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abat Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dünya Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hurol Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karadut Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Esved Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hasret Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadis Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch this month are: 1868
Mahbube Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irmak Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatoş Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Evren branch is Insel Yildiran.
Cannur Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dafne Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acarbey Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fidan Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamra Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fahrettin Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Azad Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Germa Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dündar Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazi Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lamiha Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mecide Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Diba Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gazel Genc.
Bakinaz Demir is leaving from branch: Beyoglu.
Erhan Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derem Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eylem Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lİna Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Firuze Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acarbike Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Devrim Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cihanay Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebrak Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eti Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Janset Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gelin Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berkan Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatmanur Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferruh Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Barut Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bengi Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derince Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebrak Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haktan Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aylin Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Itri Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cemresu Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cahide Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Birol Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hurkan Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Burak Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahariye Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dehna Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Heper Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Kayra Tasdemir.
Dilfigar Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ermiye Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İclal Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fırat Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Firdevsi Celik is leaving from branch: Altindag.
Mahire Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilsafa Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fenni Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilhami Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 1745
Ezgi Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Alev Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fahrettin Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hades Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İkbal Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Banu Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hayat Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebrar Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecehan Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cannur Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aynur Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilham Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahrume Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cahide Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balkiz Kara is leaving from branch: Kinik.
Ilgaz Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Bayindir branch this month are: 1650
Total bonuses for the Yeditepe branch are: 2086
Hadra Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gale Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 2787
Acem Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fırtına Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jergar Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berat Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fazilet Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jenin Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilkeste Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Delal Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abbad Sahiner is leaving from branch: Doganyol.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Firuze Cetin.
Destecan Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokberk Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch are: 1717
Aynur Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahur Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Afitap Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Maide Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Menderes branch is Mahmude Alp.
Keriman Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanedan Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Kecioren branch is Faide Kara.
Darin Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Letafet Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fulya Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hayal Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mefharet Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kayansel Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Başağa Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gerçek Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilci Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aleyna Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hakan Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ersevim Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilfigar Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 2454
Manager of the Konak branch is Fermani Gunes.
Habib Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erna Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Camlidere branch is Habibullah Yasar.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 2258
Cankat Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isinkan Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Füreyya Mengi.
Belemir Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baha Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferhunde Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Konak branch is Fermani Gunes.
Ferruh Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Karin Gunes.
Jergar Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilfigar Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dildar Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Husam Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karsu Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canan Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Afet Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abbas Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Donat Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fulya Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hale Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farah Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 1844
Handan Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hatice Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Furkan Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokberk Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferah Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Banu Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilemma Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hurel Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalya Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Aybars Ceylan.
Ecevit Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ece Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acarbey Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faden Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahtiyar Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lara Oz is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Birsoy Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Husamettin Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cilvekar Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgar Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Asli Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gogen Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Evin Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylan Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Enginsel Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kadime Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hejmar Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isfendiyar Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acarhatun Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilaydin Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cezmiye Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbey Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch are: 2652
Bahtiyar Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abadın Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdulhamit Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edhem Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karmen Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gayret Ozen is leaving from branch: Menemen.
Faika Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gizer Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hayal Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karen Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferhan Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch this month are: 2630
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch this month are: 3609
Total bonuses for the Evren branch are: 3422
Fidan Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demirbilek Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sariyer branch is Filiz Cengiz.
Erinç Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balkin Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferda Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Evgin Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch this month are: 2264
Ecesoy Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dijdar Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Efdal Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abat Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hilkat Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Habide Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Heper Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iras Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Damla Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fercan Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Maya Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balca Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ildir Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mensure Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lamiha Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Daim Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Halide Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Furkan Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Meserret Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Aysu Yildirim.
Hayriye Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mediha Tekin is leaving from branch: Yeditepe.
Dayehatun Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Burç Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanbey Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Havle Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fermani Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iras Sarac is leaving from branch: Kagithane.
Banu Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Benay Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahsure Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbilge Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ganime Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Halide Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Laylank Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Afet Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 2849
Duran Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abakay Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Figen Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hattat Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gıyas Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ikram Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bilal Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cavide Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekenel Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fikrettin Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalince Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Destan Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Istemihan Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Destan Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bartu Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecesoy Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derince Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bozdemir Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aba Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazire Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamiyet Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aykut Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aborkar Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Himmet Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abad Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahrur Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 4403
Jade Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abak Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elanaz Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Adalar branch is Ilbilge Ozdemir.
Jilda Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fakihe Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 3887
Total bonuses for the Avanos branch this month are: 2788
Hüdaverdi Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baharnaz Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balkoç Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Harika Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahrem Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canel Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gani Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kaniye Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch are: 3742
Lale Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekin Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 3367
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 4161
Lale Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Damra Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekenel Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Avanos branch this month are: 2897
Bahtiyar Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Keriman Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gogen Bayrak is leaving from branch: Adakli.
Belgin Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdurrahman Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ibrahim Kucuk is leaving from branch: Genc.
Abduş Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abendam Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jerfi Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irsad Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch are: 4039
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 3425
Manager of the Haymana branch is Eftal Erturk.
Ledeyna Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fidan Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dijdar Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayberk Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 3034
Hakim Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gale Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanbeğendi Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lebibe Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haki Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fercan Yucel is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
Ayvaz Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kezban Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faysal Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Melike Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Galibe Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayfer Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalayer Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylifer Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahrem Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Huriye Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 3499
Ertunga Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecesoy Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Makbule Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Duru Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Basri Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erensu Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilferah Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leyan Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferhat Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 3271
Aysu Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdullah Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Basri Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deha Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Efdal Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lavanta Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamdullah Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Asuman Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faden Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karsu Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kafiye Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbilge Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lavanta Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Destan Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aykut Alp is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Delal Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadile Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayaz Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahfer Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cannur Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Funda Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hediye Karahan is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 4315
Danyal Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecesoy Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamiyet Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Afitap Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Arzu Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Maya Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karya Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lamiha Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demiralp Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecrin Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Girgin Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elmira Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Itri Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lerze Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilcan Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Felit Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hasbek Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Esenyurt branch this month are: 3786
Delal Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Loya Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elacık Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatih Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gevher Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gogen Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bengi Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kadife Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canfeda Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylüfer Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgaz Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gewez Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahibe Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadice Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hakan Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gencay Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Etkin Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch are: 4386
Eren Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baharnaz Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceyhan Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hincal Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Duran Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Geray Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahriye Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ihya Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch are: 2995
Maide Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gani Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kader Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch are: 4581
Aydemir Gurbuz is leaving from branch: Beyoglu.
Ilbilge Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Figen Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Makber Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kadife Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch this month are: 4198
Latife Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanbey Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irsad Avci is leaving from branch: Avcilar.
Dal Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gencal Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fakri Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gedik Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceren Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ikram Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Birol Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Katre Kocaman.
Gazele Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cemresu Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Bakirkoy branch this month are: 4976
Balca Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayvaz Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hacı Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fırtına Buyuk is leaving from branch: Eyup.
Kamile Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abaza Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazale Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Firuze Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berke Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fahri Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lebriz Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lerzan Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch are: 3780
Ifakat Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylüfer Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalince Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gencaslan Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadile Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebed Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Beliz Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Karacabey branch are: 3609
Dayahatun Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadile Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Destecan Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isinkan Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch are: 4384
Ecmel Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ezeli Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokberk Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Doruk Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aziz Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Filizer Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamide Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hacil Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lamiye Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Funda Yigit is leaving from branch: Konak.
Jale Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Darcan Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgat Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Hani branch is Levin Yilmazer.
Abad Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bilal Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceydacan Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahinur Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Afet Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Huri Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kamuran Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Bayindir branch is Berke Genc.
Falaz Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahrur Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazale Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadis Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Cankut Avci.
Hejmar Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahiye Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdullah Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdulhamit Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hacer Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekim Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 3443
Manager of the Cermik branch is Katre Kocaman.
Felat Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erim Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Halilullah Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Kayra Tasdemir.
Mahire Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbilge Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Huriye Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İlke Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Barbaros Seker is leaving from branch: Zeytinburnu.
Barbaros Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 5469
Fariha Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hasret Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Barut Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Başar Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lebibe Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamit Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aygen Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecem Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karina Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Havle Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haki Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Ferid Bayrak.
Lamiye Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayberk Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eylem Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gezgin Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbey Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fermande Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Delice Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lavin Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Damla Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lerzan Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilemma Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haktan Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lerzan Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abbad Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gelincik Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fezai Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derman Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baran Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jefi Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Heper Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecmel Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dahiye Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edra Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Duru Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aydemir Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdi Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hurol Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kavin Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balkin Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cemresu Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edgü Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acem Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cahide Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Badem Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fermani Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 4322
Kardelen Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Efehan Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elanaz Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Huray Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Damla Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadil Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kevser Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lavin Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feray Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilham Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eti Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekin Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdurrahman Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kainat Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbas Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahfer Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbey Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kamer Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leman Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdoğan Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eyşan Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hayriye Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Izzettin Aksoy.
Erhan Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Duran Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leyla Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbey Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abendam Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jilda Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abat Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 4502
Deli Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Habil Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cenah Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isa Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 4986
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Firuze Cetin.
Cemalnur Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylüfer Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jilda Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lavanta Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elvan Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irsad Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Izzettin Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadile Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dayahatun Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebrar Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferda Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylim Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 3977
Dalsar Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hacer Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cansel Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Devrim Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dilsozi Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 3868
Lavin Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fuzuli Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ezeli Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Katmer Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cankat Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gelincik Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Giram Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 4408
Lerzan Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecenaz Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylim Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elvan Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aydonat Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bengisu Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokay Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Evgin Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jenin Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Debernuş Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eylem Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jalenur Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Göçmen Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aysu Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Ferhat Karakas.
Gokben Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faris Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Firdevsi Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lerzan Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canane Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Aricak branch is Ebyar Dede.
Debernuş Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Husamettin Kara is leaving from branch: Gulsehir.
Aleyna Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Melike Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elvan Temel is leaving from branch: Uskudar.
Lavanta Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deran Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferzin Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahzure Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebecen Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karanfil Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch this month are: 5826
Huriye Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Diclehatun Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Etfal Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fazh Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ibrahim Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kafiye Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecenaz Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lavanta Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Açelya Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fer Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Etkin Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ildir Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erendil Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Hani branch is Levin Yilmazer.
Egealp Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahise Gunes is leaving from branch: Bayindir.
Keriman Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Darin Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Larasu Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecesoy Taskin is leaving from branch: Umraniye.
Kevser Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Latife Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadime Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ildem Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dirlik Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Efehan Demirci is leaving from branch: Baskil.
Asuman Senol is leaving from branch: Zeytinburnu.
Manager of the Kagithane branch is Abadan Arslan.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch this month are: 5221
Ceydasu Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hazal Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deryab Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fezai Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abat Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebrak Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jergar Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cenah Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 4313
Ilgaz Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bediz Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 5551
Balca Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lerzan Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cannur Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Damra Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jalenur Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgi Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feza Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faden Akbas is leaving from branch: Agin.
Ezgi Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayaz Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylüfer Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gizer Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kalender Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Madelet Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatma Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 5183
Ecir Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Memduha Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadile Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ira Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Dalan Yildiz.
Inanna Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fakri Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgun Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Filiz Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edayi Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aynur Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Furkan Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Felin Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 5102
Halide Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gaffar Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demir Uzun is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
Ihlamur Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilay Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebed Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lamiha Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylan Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 4360
Halas Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irtek Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 7117
Laylank Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilcan Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edra Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hatice Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cankat Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Filinta Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faik Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abak Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdullah Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aleyna Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ira Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Darcan Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isa Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilkcan Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canel Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bozkaya Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceydasu Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch this month are: 6103
Erdem Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahiye Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Afitap Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch this month are: 6794
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 0
Birsoy Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kavin Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lalin Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lavanta Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lebibe Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Melodi Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faris Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gogen Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hurel Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
İdil Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ledeyna Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilaver Guler is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Dahiye Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbay Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bozkaya Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hulusi Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Latife Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erkinay Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karya Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Candan Ipek is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Fecri Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayberk Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hasibe Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdurrahman Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abad Avci is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Ece Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erendiz Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ihya Nas is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
Lerzan Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
Janset Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamide Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gizem Toker is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
Dilfigar Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
Manager of the Konak branch is Fermani Gunes.
Fekahet Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Esmeray Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Katre Kocaman.
Manager of the Karacabey branch is Izgutay Aktas.
Kadire Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haktan Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebrar Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jalenur Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mediha Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hasibe Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cankat Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahperi Yasar is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Merze Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fazil Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanife Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Maltepe branch is Madelet Toprak.
Acarhatun Elmas is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Gelenay Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Beliz Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Makber Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gizmen Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eylem Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ifakat Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faysal Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lebriz Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karen Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahmude Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
Daltekin Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jeyan Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecegül Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Esmeray Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Melodi Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iras Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Palu branch is Göçmen Cicek.
Eylem Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Pendik.
Benan Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanif Mert is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Ajda Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ergin Alp is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Mahibe Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
Derem Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Firuze Cetin.
Hayal Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
Feyza Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hatice Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch this month are: 589
Erim Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lamiha Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isinsoy Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fazh Sarac is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Ilbey Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jiyan Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch are: 4805
Manager of the Kinik branch is Mahrur Yildirim.
Azad Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdulrezzak Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jergar Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 297
Fariha Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fazil Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feyzullah Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eceseren Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fecri Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eftal Elmas is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Fahrettin Dede is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
Mahrur Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Duru Arslan is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Benay Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hasret Toprak is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Evgin Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dijdar Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Janseli Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylan Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eğmen Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Daim Celik.
Leyla Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fevzi Er is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Gezgin Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lebriz Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatoş Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faika Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abakay Kocak is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
Dilkeste Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Husam Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gencal Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecmel Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Destecan Seker is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
Total bonuses for the Yeditepe branch are: 4978
Cankat Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irsad Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karin Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farah Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Efdal Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irtek Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Birmen Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cenah Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hatunana Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dünya Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fenni Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdi Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Husamettin Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdülalim Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalya Oz is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Haki Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aybars Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Loya Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Total bonuses for the Bayindir branch are: 5399
Izgutay Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Manager of the Cankaya branch is Irmak Aksu.
Baharcan Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Havle Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Halef Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fehim Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fekahet Mengi is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Hafız Demir.
Baldemir Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lamia Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Esenyurt branch are: 6913
Delistan Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Barbaros Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jale Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hale Duran is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Esved Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch are: 4854
Ilgi Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Buca branch is Dilferah Demirci.
Ayfer Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebrak Cetin is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Baharcan Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Giram Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bera Gul is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
Istemihan Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hacı Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamra Celik is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Felit Mert is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Ferhunde Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch are: 5109
Jasmin Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahperi Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 950
Faraziye Erkan is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Ezeli Gunay is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
Açelya Genc is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Mahiye Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalbaş Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebubekir Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadra Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baharcan Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mamure Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Garabed Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokberk Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Basaksehir branch is Fırat Karahan.
Canel Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Ezra Yilmaz.
Derman Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Afet Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gerçek Balta is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
Esennur Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feza Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bangu Gul is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch are: 5851
Mahrume Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgat Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Karaburun branch is Füreyya Dede.
Bakanay Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gihev Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Damra Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch this month are: 1534
Adalet Nas is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Fermande Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Faize Taskin.
Caneda Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadis Yasar is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
Ekin Cicek is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
Ferah Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Layza Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dirlik Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgun Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Birsoy Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kadire Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Katmer Balta is dismissed from branch: Kale.
Evrensel Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fikri Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Halide Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Karacabey branch is Izgutay Aktas.
Iyiturk Koc is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Jefi Yigit is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
Elvan Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acer Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecesoy Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Merze Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 893
Aziz Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Afitap Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derem Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acem Aytac is dismissed from branch: Agin.
Canay Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aygül Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abgun Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leman Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Ezra Yilmaz.
Ajda Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cannur Erturk is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
Aygen Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecenaz Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jergar Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Atilgan Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hazal Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecegül Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Karaburun branch is Füreyya Dede.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 444
Darcan Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahtiyar Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Havle Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Diclehatun Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Genc branch is Garabed Yasar.
Faraziye Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fahri Sarac is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Bangu Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cannur Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isfendiyar Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecmel Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferruh Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erendiz Kaya is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Dayahatun Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kadriye Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatma Guler is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Mediha Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
Keriman Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demiralp Duran is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
Ekin Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dahiye Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gece Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Delal Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Danyal Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jade Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdem Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acunalp Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
Kadife Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fenniye Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Istemihan Ozen is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
Abdulkadir Temel is promoted from Cook to Manager.
Gilyas Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 1771
Ilham Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Felat Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hacil Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mesudane Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Eftal Erturk.
Filiz Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fermani Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eyşan Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berkan Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lebriz Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Abdulkadir Temel.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch are: 7155
Cahide Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Silivri branch is Leyal Gunay.
Gencaslan Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gece Uzun is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Firuze Cetin.
Jerfi Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 5998
Delfin Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irsad Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aysel Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Celvetiye Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamiyet Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilsozi Alp is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Fahir Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch this month are: 948
Gokberk Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kayansel Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Gemlik branch is Hizir Mengi.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Ezra Yilmaz.
Iknat Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bengisu Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aysu Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canela Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Kaila/Kayla Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bartu Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanedan Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilay Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Meserret Gunay is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Manager of the Esenler branch is Macide Genc.
Manager of the Aricak branch is Ebyar Dede.
Karsu Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokberk Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Aybars Ceylan.
Hazal Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Abakan/Abakay Ozen.
Melike Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferahfeza Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Füreyya Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lerzan Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Doğannur Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Baran Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Ecegül Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Meserret Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hayat Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Galip Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Filizer Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leyla Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdullah Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fakihe Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
Abbad Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Janbek Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Germa Alp is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
Dilfiruz Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cemresu Erkan is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Darcan Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abbase Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canal Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dildan Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebrar Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derman Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karmen Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferda Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Gazi Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baharnaz Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokben Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Avanos branch is Ferdi Aydogan.
Farise Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jenin Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebed Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgi Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sahinbey branch is Canan Ucar.
Kadife Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Birsoy Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farise Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
Mahru Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mecide Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekin Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Esenler branch is Macide Genc.
Manager of the Kale branch is Aydin Demir.
Hamza Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Halas Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Halilullah Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch are: 7191
Isfendiyar Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Heper Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Karaburun branch is Füreyya Dede.
Can Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilaver Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Farika Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abgun Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cezlan Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch are: 6231
Davud Aktas is dismissed from branch: Kale.
Fazil Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecmel Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Evrensel Kilicaslan.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Firuze Cetin.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Mayra Demir.
Evin Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dirim Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch are: 8677
Ferhat Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilaver Ari is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Ilbay Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdibike Arslan is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Hattat Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahiye Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceren Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 1654
Hanedan Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Meriç Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Enhar Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Doğannur Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch are: 7878
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Daim Celik.
Lemide Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Balkin Saglam.
Halilullah Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Husamettin Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Laylank Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
Banu Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch this month are: 2680
Filizer Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylüfer Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Kayra Tasdemir.
Aysun Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dündar Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Kale.
İdil Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gelenay Ucar is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Makber Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Havin Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Karaburun branch is Füreyya Dede.
Jarin Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erksin Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ece Karakas is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
Deran Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Larissa Aslan is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
Ilgaz Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hüdaverdi Avci is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
Gokalp Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 6432
Garabed Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faize Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feridun Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isfendiyar Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Darin Demirci is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
Halilullah Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Hani branch is Levin Yilmazer.
Mensure Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kevser Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fenni Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Basaksehir branch is Fırat Karahan.
Filizer Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canan Cicek is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
Eser Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Birsoy Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Hani branch is Levin Yilmazer.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch are: 10179
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch are: 7055
Iyiturk Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahibe Duran is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
Karsel Dag is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
Dilsafa Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamaset Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Birol Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Donat Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Asuman Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbey Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gizer Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Adile Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abad Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferhan Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elanaz Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahsure Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ezra Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hilal Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hasret Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lavanta Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilbirin Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecebay Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch are: 8465
Ferah Aydin is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Hacı Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
Halim Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Dalan Yildiz.
Karakız Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Halef Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Garabed Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceren Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kadriye Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahiye Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hafize Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Daltekin Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Larissa Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 2214
Abadan Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Esennur Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahiye Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Hafız Demir.
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch are: 8077
Delice Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Atilla Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylim Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Adalet Gunes is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Elanaz Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Karsiyaka branch is Erdem Ipek.
Jeyan Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Hulusi Sahiner.
Eti Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
Dijdar Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ikram Genc is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
Ebrak Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gelin Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karina Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fahrettin Acar is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Deha Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bozdemir Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Altindag branch are: 7049
Fakihe Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fulya Aktas is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
Delfin Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ihsan Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ersevim Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
Efdal Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Habib Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hayal Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deryanur Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebrak Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farik Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Meral Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hasret Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gihev Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bera Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jarin Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Faik Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Etfal Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Keriman Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Beliz Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdulrezzak Seker is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
Aysu Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Kayansel Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mesudane Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hafsa Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Gulsehir branch is Gazal Sari.
Davud Nas is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Evrensel Kilicaslan.
Bartu Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isinsoy Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baskın Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Duman Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Arzu Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baskın Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceydacan Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylan Aslan is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
Hilkat Kaya is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Manager of the Karaburun branch is Füreyya Dede.
Erdibike Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cankut Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ildiz Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Halilullah Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fulya Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fatoş Bayrak.
Ferhunde Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylak Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eğilmez Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cansel Alkan is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
Birmen Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Karanfil Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Galibe Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecehan Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iras Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Afet Nas is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Dahiye Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanbey Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jefi Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Huriye Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Hulusi Sahiner.
Kadire Taskin is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
Ilci Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erendiz Alkan is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Farika Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karsu Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mensure Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch are: 8461
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch this month are: 2556
Manager of the Merkez branch is Alara Cicek.
Kaniye Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faide Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canan Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derman Ozen is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Erdenay Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İkbal Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jilda Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 2502
Deli Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Ilkcan Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canalp Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecir Karahan is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
Cannur Aslan is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
Ecmel Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Dildan Aksoy.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Hanife Balta.
Durukan Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dirlik Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fazh Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hacil Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Füreyya Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilkcan Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Medar Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Göçmen Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mensure Kose is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
Gelincik Cetin is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 2802
Feyzullah Gul is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
Karaca Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balin Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatine Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acarbey Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Katmer Yigit is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch are: 10307
Erdenay Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Harmancik branch is Evin Arslan.
Hafize Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Celvetiye Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aydemir Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Merze Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hatunana Gul is dismissed from branch: Kale.
Deryab Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karadut Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acarbey Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mayra Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Etfal Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iris Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leman Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aborkar Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gamze Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Gudul branch is Deli Kaya.
Elanaz Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadil Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Firdevsi Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Esenyurt branch is Filizer Nas.
Bahiye Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayfer Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanzala Aksu is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
Atilgan Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch are: 8259
Ferzin Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sariyer branch is Filiz Cengiz.
Damra Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Yeditepe branch this month are: 2877
Hamra Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch are: 7719
Cavide Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ezgi Uzun is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Manager of the Aliaga branch is Galibe Ozen.
Gencay Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Makbule Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hakgüzar Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kadire Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebed Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İdil Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erk Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbay Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Kecioren branch is Faide Kara.
Dilaver Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fariha Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aba Aslan is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
Fehim Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bediz Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aytekin Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fermani Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eren Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
Barut Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Beliz Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lebriz Koc is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Jerfi Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jerfi Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Husam Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irtek Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fermani Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Hazal Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
Gaye Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdi Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ezeli Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Meserret Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgun Aslan is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
Asuman Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebubekir Aytac is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
Erk Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Basim Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cihanay Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gevher Ari is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
Letafet Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fahrettin Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farik Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Havle Cicek is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Kayra Tasdemir.
Merze Mengi is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Kardan Toker is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
Evgin Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sahinbey branch is Canan Ucar.
Aber Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Fulya Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gihev Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gediz Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ihsan Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irsad Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahfer Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faize Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hasibe Gunay is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Ezeli Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Adalar branch is Ilbilge Ozdemir.
Lİna Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karadut Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eser Karakas is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Adalan Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokay Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edaay Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cenah Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Kagithane branch is Abadan Arslan.
Makber Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sariyer branch is Filiz Cengiz.
Azad Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Aysu Yildirim.
Hamra Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cankut Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceydacan Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aber Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekin Aksu is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Abdulrezzak Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hulki Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fazilet Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abbase Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Melike Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gayret Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Etfal Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Balkin Saglam.
İlke Alp is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
Total bonuses for the Karacabey branch this month are: 4341
Habil Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demirbilek Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belgi Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ikan Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch this month are: 3652
Baskın Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bilal Cetin is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
Ecebay Nas is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
Edhem Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Karin Gunes.
Ilcan Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faraziye Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ihvan Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gelenay Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gavsi Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Ekim Toker.
Ikan Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilkcan Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Aybars Ceylan.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch are: 9319
Aber Toker is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
Aybars Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Silivri branch is Leyal Gunay.
Ferzin Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eceseren Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Efdal Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hattat Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgar Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Benay Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
Kamelya Gunay is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Hafsa Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fecir Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derem Dede is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
Larasu Ucar is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
Meserret Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jengar Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lemide Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fikret Aygun is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
Handan Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fehim Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Habibullah Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jalenur Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamdullah Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ejder Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leyan Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bozkaya Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Filiz Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Janseli Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Efdal Demir is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
Ilgat Saglam is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 30
Esmeray Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Ecem Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Girgin Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fazh Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalan Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch this month are: 0
Jefi Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ersevim Ari is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Fahrettin Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elbek Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Celvetiye Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fazıl Demir is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
Belgin Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hulusi Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilemma Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecebay Sarac is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Huri Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gorani Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilci Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abay Aktas is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
Kalender Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
Azmi Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berk Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Kalender Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceyhan Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gezgin Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hatunana Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferruh Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Karin Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fahri Ari is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Diba Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
Kevser Er is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Fulya Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazele Uzun is dismissed from branch: Agin.
Dilay Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylan Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Egezade Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faize Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belgin Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch are: 7533
Barut Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Melike Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch this month are: 358
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 368
Kafiye Kara is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Lavin Tuncer.
Gencay Gunes is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Felek Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canhanım Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abendam Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jinmir Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Demir Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jiyan Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Falaz Taskin is leaving from branch: Menderes.
Behçet Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erkut Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdenay Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahar Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ibrahim Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalince Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatoş Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ira Akpinar is leaving from branch: Aricak.
Dilay Aslan is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
Fermani Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fevzi Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Filizer Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
Fehim Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Ersevim Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecehan Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahmure Ay is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
Gelincik Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Esmeray Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Irsad Dag is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Ceydacan Gunes is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
Fahir Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgat Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 394
Dayehatun Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
İdil Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eceseren Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Adalan Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Esenyurt branch is Filizer Nas.
Ece Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamaset Tekin is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Evrensel Kilicaslan.
Cavlan Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canela Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ihvan Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gedik Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch are: 8920
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 690
Total bonuses for the Genc branch are: 9320
Alev Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canal Ipek is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Erkinay Toprak is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Huseyin Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Avanos branch is Ferdi Aydogan.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Hanife Balta.
Larissa Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gece Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Filizer Genc is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
Karya Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Afitap Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Adile Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jenin Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Donat Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belgin Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leyla Kocak is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
Firuze Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Emetullah Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch are: 8679
Duran Erkan is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
Deran Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irsat Celik is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
Dalbaş Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch this month are: 590
Manager of the Yeditepe branch is Efehan Kaya.
Erkut Kose is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
Hediye Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hulki Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahtiyar Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jeyan Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Pendik.
Jinmir Er is dismissed from branch: Pendik.
Gizer Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Etfal Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abadın Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dileda Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbey Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eğmen Cicek is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Lİna Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ildiz Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahibe Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Afitap Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Feza Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamza Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahtiyar Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
Bera Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilkcan Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 508
Dilemma Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ece Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Laylank Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanife Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
Aygül Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgaz Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hakgüzar Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lerze Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Filinta Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Meserret Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch are: 8416
Aysel Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 1099
Ilbas Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdenay Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erna Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İkbal Avci is dismissed from branch: Agin.
Ilbilge Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Kevser Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Galibe Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elbek Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayla Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch are: 9349
Garabed Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 1216
Acarbey Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fikrettin Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferhunde Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mecide Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch this month are: 1217
Haki Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feyza Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Bakanay Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadim Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
Ilgaz Gunay is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
Derem Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kainat Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch this month are: 824
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch are: 10445
Abuşka Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deryanur Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Geray Aygun is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Derince Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fıda Erkan is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Ilgaz Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berkay Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gelincik Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch are: 11679
Lavinya Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Erkinay Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jerfi Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahbube Alp is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Larasu Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadik Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kadriye Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahire Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch this month are: 1029
Baharnaz Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Katun Demirci is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Cezlan Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalbaş Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bartu Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanif Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kamuran Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadim Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canaş Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Esennur Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Damla Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Ajda Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ishak Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mensure Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Katmer Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylan Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Madelet Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jale Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Gamze Kose is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Bagatur Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekin Aytac is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Manager of the Gudul branch is Deli Kaya.
Karsu Er is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
Leyli Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Larasu Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fermani Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abay Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Karadut Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferda Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Kale.
Demirezen Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Birol Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Daltekin Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jergar Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 11549
Destan Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dijdar Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canay Toker is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Esennur Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hurel Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Banu Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hafize Dede is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Felin Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gaffur Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Kale.
Furkan Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hayat Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Huseyin Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 1326
Fadime Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Debernuş Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gilyas Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Barut Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Furkan Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ertunga Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdullah Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 1343
Lema Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdülalim Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canece Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fikri Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abendam Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dileda Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Davud Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 1055
Caneda Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch this month are: 1059
Ilhami Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilemma Gunes is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Ihya Acar is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Arzu Gul is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
Kamile Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 1537
Daya Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jilda Alkan is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
Hanzala Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 1439
Leman Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilci Taskin is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Hanzala Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İkbal Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Barbaros Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch are: 10102
Ersevim Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fahri Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Mamure Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Esenler branch is Macide Genc.
Lerze Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Larasu Toprak is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
Abdal Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch are: 11964
Mamure Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferid Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Duran Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cilvekar Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 13511
Hizir Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalince Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aynur Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Jinsal Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kecioren branch this month are: 519
Faden Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iraz Er is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
Abdal Mengi is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
Deran Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irtek Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
Aygen Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Janseli Mert is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
Jergar Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Arzu Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edayi Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekber Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Benan Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Huray Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilay Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Evin Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baharcan Celik is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
Asli Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Evgin Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch are: 11450
Manager of the Baskil branch is Aybars Ceylan.
Jehat Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Meral Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aber Aslan is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
Dirim Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fakirullah Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalayer Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Doğannur Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Behçet Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Diba Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Ceyhan Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ajda Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Filiz Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hayriye Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebrak Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ece Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irmak Mert is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Hejmar Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lamia Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Adalet Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
Faide Acar is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 2111
Edaay Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Ebrar Ipek.
Canan Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamdullah Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ikram Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Esved Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jinsal Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canay Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Galip Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Felit Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
Mahfer Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irtek Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jengar Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ibrahim Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
Aynur Akbas is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
Alara Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Filinta Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazire Demirci is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
Karin Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Camlidere.
Lİna Duran is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
Balca Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanif Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch this month are: 1653
Kavin Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İlkben Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Garabed Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Layza Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Doruk Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abat Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Inanna Mert is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Faraziye Aksu is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
Hazal Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalım Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
Mahrur Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Adalet Sahin is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Ilgun Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Behin Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Destan Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekin Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bozdemir Karahan is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
Hazal Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faraziye Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kayla Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gelincik Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Husamettin Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haldun Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahsure Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 2086
Esved Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jehat Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irmak Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Cilvekar Cicek is dismissed from branch: Pendik.
Fermani Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Abdülalim Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalya Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Eylem Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
Kamuran Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Asli Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fahir Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fariha Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gaye Ipek is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
Fazil Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hazal Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edayi Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceydasu Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Medar Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Donat Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Azmi Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 1272
Balkin Saglam is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
Ekmeleddin Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Cemalnur Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faden Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch are: 9143
Ermiye Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ihsan Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leyla Aslan is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
Ekber Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Ganimet Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fenniye Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
Abdurrahman Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ezra Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahtiser Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Durukan Ay is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
Acarbike Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abgun Acar is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Aynur Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edra Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eti Polat is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
There is no such employee.
Ayberk Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ejder Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derince Yasar is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
Bozkaya Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Meriç Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Daime Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mecide Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Loya Demir is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Fuzuli Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Hani branch is Levin Yilmazer.
Giram Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch are: 8514
Aylin Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aykut Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
Elbek Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lerzan Acar is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
Dirim Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dehna Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Doruk Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
Manager of the Gemlik branch is Hizir Mengi.
Total bonuses for the Hani branch this month are: 1746
Daltekin Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Halef Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Havle Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bengi Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahiye Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 1840
Kaniye Akbas is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
Aleyna Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
Basri Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fadil Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abbase Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Etkin Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
Erkut Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch are: 11500
Lal Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch are: 10219
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Balkin Saglam.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch are: 11464
Leylak Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayfer Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
Ecmel Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bediz Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceydacan Aksu is dismissed from branch: Hani.
Manager of the Menderes branch is Mahmude Alp.
Felek Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dal Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Adalet Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jarin Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abad Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derman Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch are: 10516
Deran Gunes is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Azad Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fehim Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
Burak Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aleyna Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fer Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edahses Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dafne Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derya Sari is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Aborkar Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekin Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Felin Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferruh Ay is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
Ayla Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceren Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Durul Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Bakirkoy branch this month are: 3516
Esmeray Er is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
Burç Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Delal Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Benay Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haki Dag is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Leyan Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balkiz Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Felit Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Larasu Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cezlan Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahmude Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karsel Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Efehan Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Fakirullah Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Izgutay Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jengar Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Beliz Toprak is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch this month are: 2073
Aydonat Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baha Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abgun Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Egealp Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferah Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Daime Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faraziye Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canipek Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadra Erturk is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
Bahtiyar Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Dalan Aydin is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Ayfer Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Daya Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferid Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lebriz Demirci is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
Mahbube Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Halide Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Daim Aygun.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 2821
Hafız Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferhat Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Filiz Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canalp Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İlayda Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Garabed Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fazıl Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
Bakinaz Celik is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
Kaniye Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balkoç Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch are: 12437
Jalenur Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Benay Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eğmen Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
Fariha Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haktan Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferhan Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aborkar Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kahya Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canhanım Ari is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
Jade Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Gizer Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
Esmeray Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch this month are: 3502
Iraz Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatih Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derya Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch this month are: 3793
Kardem Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gani Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lara Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lebibe Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Istemihan Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Celile Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Etkin Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 3687
Hafsa Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 3139
Fehim Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fevzi Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadik Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hayal Cetin is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Aytekin Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalsar Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gıyas Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elacık Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgat Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilfigar Yucel is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch this month are: 3097
Kardem Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Daya Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aysu Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İkbal Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Daim Aygun.
Cemresu Aktas is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Felek Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch are: 9981
Manager of the Kartal branch is Evrensel Kilicaslan.
Abdal Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berk Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Etkin Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 2832
Mahsure Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanbeğendi Taskin is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Ledeyna Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Meriç Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 3581
Alev Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilfigar Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Basaksehir branch is Fırat Karahan.
There is no such employee.
Bengi Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
Lamiye Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edayi Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch this month are: 2620
Itri Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canperver Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Acunalp Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Barbaros Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Daim Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazale Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kardan Mengi is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
Canane Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Melike Ari is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
Fırtına Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Daristan Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karsu Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Celvetiye Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balca Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kardelen Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
Fikri Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch are: 13463
Devrim Kocak is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Erinç Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Azmi Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahriye Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch are: 12224
Demirbilek Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Basri Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kaymak Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 2331
Halef Gunes is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Birsoy Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balkiz Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Meral Yasar is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Lalin Karakas is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
Gilyas Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanife Erkan is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
Birsoy Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgat Alkan is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
Huriye Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canfeda Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hacı Ucar is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
Hilal Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Arzu Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Germa Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demir Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ledeyna Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mayra Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bakanay Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mediha Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahar Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferhat Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eğilmez Yucel is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
Gayret Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
Makber Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bozkaya Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ertan Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karya Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
Erensu Guler is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
Aylin Toprak is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
Ilgi Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elvan Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
Göçer Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilkcan Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Agin.
Aleyna Senol is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
Hursit Temel is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Hazal Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Afitap Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Hafız Saglam.
Eyşan Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 13223
Ira Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ezeli Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilferah Alp is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Fulya Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
Bahariye Ozen is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Manager of the Konak branch is Fermani Gunes.
Etkin Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Canfeza Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jergar Kaya is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
Firdevsi Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch are: 14645
Erk Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jinsal Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Banu Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fermani Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalsar Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
Habide Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Diclehatun Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aytunç Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bengisu Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karmen Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hayat Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leyla Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ecem Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 2320
Destan Erturk is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Fezai Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Bakirkoy branch are: 15391
Bozdemir Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch are: 13458
Erhan Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Durul Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gediz Demir is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
Eylem Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayaz Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahriye Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Adalet Acar is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
Aba Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mayra Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamiyet Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Başak Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Atilgan Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karsel Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilkcan Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch are: 11998
Ayaz Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Mahur Aygun is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
Abakan/Abakay Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Basri Ucar is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
Istemihan Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Açelya Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fercan Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
Gencal Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bakiye Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Giram Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Figen Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jergar Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 2517
Kardan Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Behin Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 3503
Hadim Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
Ilbilge Kilic is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
Balkiz Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aziz Toprak is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
Ayfer Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilkeste Seker is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Meriç Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilsafa Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hurkan Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hale Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch this month are: 4300
Halide Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahzure Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
Bahariye Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Felat Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecir Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ejder Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lamiye Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatma Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hüdaverdi Karahan is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Handan Kilic is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
Halef Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hikmet Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahiye Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch are: 13844
Habil Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hacı Kaya is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
Hurel Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayberk Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Fakirullah Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Asli Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
Abay Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farik Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokberk Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Huriye Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derya Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abbas Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fırat Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilci Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch are: 13559
Berk Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayaz Demir is leaving from branch: Urgup.
Benan Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fevzi Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kardan Aydin is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Fazil Koc is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch this month are: 4713
Layike Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Madelet Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kaila/Kayla Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch are: 14001
Fermande Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch are: 10967
Erk Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Asiye Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Birmen Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanife Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Cazibe Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abbase Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gale Cetin is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
Burç Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecmel Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch are: 13149
Fakirullah Celik is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
Fırat Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Huri Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Can Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Damra Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Macide Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Habide Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Ecir Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadim Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hakverdi Aktas is leaving from branch: Hani.
Leyan Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bagatur Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Derman Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jengar Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Lema Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
Irsad Karahan is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
Erinç Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irmak Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aykut Demir is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
Adalet Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Haveri Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abak Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fakri Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Devrim Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Erendiz Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ece Aytac is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
Berat Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bera Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belen Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Aysu Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
Ebed Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Fahrettin Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aydonat Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Iknat Sari is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
Diba Arslan is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
Leylak Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Filizer Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Bayindir.
Ilaydin Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Ergin Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bakinaz Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erensu Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Garabed Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Karacabey branch this month are: 93
Ganimet Karahan is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
Bartu Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fitnat Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Daltekin Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Beylikduzu branch is Esved Tasdemir.
Lerzan Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erna Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
Evrensel Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Garibe Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Delistan Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Furkan Gunay is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
Felit Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Meriç Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecem Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eser Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Mahrem Seker is leaving from branch: Yayladere.
Ceydanur Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Edgü Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Irmak Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İlke Oz is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
Hikmet Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gencay Mert is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
Gewez Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Candan Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Barut Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hacı Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edra Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bakanay Elmas is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
Canane Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gediz Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdibike Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karya Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dijdar Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gale Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abak Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
Efdal Ucar is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
Baldemir Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdibike Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Başak Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceydacan Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
Huriye Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Galip Senol is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Firuz Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kahya Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bengi Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdurrahman Aksu is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
Hakim Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canfeda Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aybars Seker is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
Ganimet Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fazıl Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Afet Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Füreyya Mengi.
Aynur Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gerçek Seker is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
Aborkar Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abad Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
Lebibe Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
Dilsafa Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch are: 13098
Gelin Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
Feleytun Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Diba Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
Elmira Sahin is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Dahiye Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayaz Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jaledar Akbas is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
Balin Arslan is dismissed from branch: Agin.
There is no such employee.
Abbad Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eceseren Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamit Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdem Aydin is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
Girgin Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cilvekar Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ishak Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadime Oz is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Isinkan Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Meserret Tekin is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
Mahfer Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fuzuli Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgar Genc is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
Ekmeleddin Toker is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
Hamiyet Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Funda Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
Belemir Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Laylank Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch are: 12896
Azmi Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Diba Guler is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Ikram Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Izzettin Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
Habide Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Dayehatun Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylüfer Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
Edaay Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canalp Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
Dilay Tekin is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
Hazan Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Ferhat Karakas.
Himmet Karahan is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
Fatih Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erhan Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Bayindir branch is Berke Genc.
Karadut Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ihlamur Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edgü Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hazal Avci is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Enhar Senol is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
Karakız Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lemide Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
Eğmen Cicek is leaving from branch: Tuzla.
Lamiha Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bartu Mengi is dismissed from branch: Pendik.
Dalsar Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Adakli branch is Gece Yigit.
Dildan Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ifakat Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Filiz Ozen is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
İlayda Genc is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
There is no such employee.
Göçmen Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acem Balta is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Ganime Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edayi Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceyhan Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Gihev Tuncer.
Hafsa Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferda Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch are: 13693
Manager of the Gulsehir branch is Gazal Sari.
Dehna Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Adalet Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
Dilfeza Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Felek Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lebriz Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erhan Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fehim Toker is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Bahar Alp is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Eceseren Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
Ece Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
Filiz Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
Manager of the Yeditepe branch is Efehan Kaya.
Mayra Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acarbike Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Benan Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Başar Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canan Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazale Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karina Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Harmancik branch is Evin Arslan.
Fatih Uzun is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Belemir Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdem Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Dildar Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Delfin Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Abbase Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karmen Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abadın Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
Ebecen Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Destecan Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Istemihan Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbey Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kamer Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jarin Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irsat Erkan is dismissed from branch: Konak.
Ezgi Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karadut Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Melodi Akbas is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Gazale Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erinç Yasar is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
Gelenay Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hatice Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Katmer Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jeyan Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Acem Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gizmen Aytac is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
Belgin Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gelin Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahar Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch this month are: 469
Manager of the Eyup branch is Abdulkadir Temel.
Ebrar Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Cansel Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Furkan Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hiram Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
Adile Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamza Yucel is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
Mahizar Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fırat Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fırat Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Layza Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hazan Gunay is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Canane Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karya Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Destecan Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Hursit Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahir Cetin is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
Fadıla Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lerzan Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Açelya Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Figen Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aysu Ipek is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Cankut Avci.
Mahperi Kose is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
Kısmet Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Ferid Bayrak.
Ilbilge Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 1179
Canel Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Menderes branch is Mahmude Alp.
There is no such employee.
Lebriz Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdullah Avci is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
Füreyya Gunay is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Janset Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
Izgutay Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aleyna Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İclal Guler is dismissed from branch: Pendik.
Gewez Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erkut Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jerfi Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Gizmen Dede is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
Ilham Aksu is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
Azad Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lema Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Birmen Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 1850
Edhem Ozen is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
Canel Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faden Aksu is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
Bala Genc is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
Fadil Duran is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
Evin Mert is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
Asli Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karaca Saglam is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Kayansel Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Macide Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
Manager of the Adalar branch is Ilbilge Ozdemir.
İkbal Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canipek Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canan Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ihvan Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haki Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faize Genc is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
Total bonuses for the Kecioren branch this month are: 1643
There is no such employee.
Faika Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cazibe Kose is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
Jergar Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abak Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokalp Aygun is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Dalbaş Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Figen Temel is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faden Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Behçet Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Destecan Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ezgi Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Camlidere branch is Habibullah Yasar.
Manager of the Esenler branch is Macide Genc.
Dileda Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elbek Gunes is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
Canela Kuru is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Hazal Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Canal Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Füreyya Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fırtına Akbas is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
Manager of the Islahiye branch is Gokben Ay.
Baldemir Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baldemir Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokberk Saglam is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Gokalp Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bakanay Kuru is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
Aysun Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bergen Acar is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Ceyhan Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Etfal Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
Fakri Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lalin Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatoş Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch are: 13750
Fatma Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Durukan Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahizar Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
Aysu Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fakirullah Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fırtına Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faris Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kısmet Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hincal Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dildar Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lİna Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fırtına Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demir Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kavin Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feyzullah Avci is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Ira Aygun is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Irtek Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
Ilci Polat is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
Balkin Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ibrahim Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Feyzullah Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fakihe Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Ferid Bayrak.
Fidan Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Aricak branch is Ebyar Dede.
Felat Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sariyer branch is Filiz Cengiz.
Lavinya Cetin is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
Devrim Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch are: 15418
Kahya Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Falaz Demirci is dismissed from branch: Agin.
Mahrem Mert is dismissed from branch: Pendik.
Cihanay Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lavinya Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Faize Taskin.
Demirbilek Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Loya Karahan is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
Felin Yucel is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
Manager of the Kecioren branch is Faide Kara.
Karina Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalince Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cannur Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jaledar Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gencay Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahiye Cetin is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
There is no such employee.
Hakim Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hilal Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gencaslan Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Katre Aytac is leaving from branch: Odemis.
Demiralp Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Garibe Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferda Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Avanos branch are: 12996
Cavide Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekenel Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lİla Yigit is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
Balkoç Balta is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Halas Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mesudane Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jiyan Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbilge Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Esmeray Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch are: 14386
Irmak Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Barut Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canece Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamis Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
There is no such employee.
Ikan Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dalya Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gencaslan Aktas is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Abad Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baharnaz Toker is dismissed from branch: Kale.
Destecan Kuru is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Elbek Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferhan Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fıda Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
Acem Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canfeda Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilfiruz Demirci is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Ermiye Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylak Kara is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Iyiturk Aygun is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Badem Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Total bonuses for the Altindag branch this month are: 2113
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch this month are: 2390
Gilyas Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Birmen Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leyli Korkmaz is leaving from branch: Gudul.
Bahise Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Kecioren branch is Faide Kara.
There is no such employee.
Eceseren Er is dismissed from branch: Hani.
Funda Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Esennur Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Füreyya Mengi.
Canperver Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Furkan Uzun is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Gokalp Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadis Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
Aybars Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch are: 13990
Delfin Yasar is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Beliz Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Birsoy Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feray Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hilal Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Isfendiyar Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abdurrahman Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hakan Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 2277
Idris Dede is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
Destecan Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Izgutay Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hulusi Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bozkaya Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Mahmude Dag is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
Gazale Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aziz Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Karaburun branch is Füreyya Dede.
Elbek Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kamuran Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Adalet Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irak Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cavlan Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cilvekar Sahin is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
Abakan/Abakay Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Izgutay Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalbaş Kaya is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
Husam Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hizir Genc is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Levzi Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Husam Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fatoş Bayrak.
Latife Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farika Alp is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
Arzu Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lemide Ucar is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Baharcan Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 2835
Abdulhamit Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feyza Akbas is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Abuşka Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Kayra Tasdemir.
There is no such employee.
Basim Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irtek Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abdulhamit Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Karaburun branch is Füreyya Dede.
Karsu Erkan is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
Birol Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jeyan Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kaniye Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faysal Saglam is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
Iknat Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fikri Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hatunana Kuru is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
Felin Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feleytun Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hiram Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayhan Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilfeza Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 1855
Berkay Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Gizer Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Göçmen Cicek.
Efehan Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aborkar Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Melodi Senol is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
Fezai Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Canhanım Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fermani Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farah Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Itri Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fidan Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jarin Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Yeditepe branch is Efehan Kaya.
Emel Seker is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
Dalsar Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Evren branch is Insel Yildiran.
Aleyna Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Katre Kocaman.
Germa Yucel is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
Cankat Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Huray Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Genc branch is Garabed Yasar.
Afet Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Balkin Saglam.
Jarin Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch are: 17574
Lal Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eğilmez Dag is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
Ermiye Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferhan Aygun is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
Leyal Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karen Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ihlamur Dag is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Gihev Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abad Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Makber Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Baglar branch is Feridun Aksu.
There is no such employee.
Hades Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hamis Gunes is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
Ilcan Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deha Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ilgat Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Kayra Cetin is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
Ayaz Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Banu Elmas is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
Afet Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch are: 14813
Kadife Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jasmin Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eceseren Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Ferhat Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Selcuk branch is Deryanur Senol.
Darin Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
Cankat Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatine Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hakan Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bakinaz Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belde Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
Eren Er is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Fazilet Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fekahet Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
Gencaslan Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gorani Ozen is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Dildan Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
Hilmi Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belgi Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kardan Alkan is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
Memduha Yigit is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
Erdem Toprak is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
Ferdi Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecesoy Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hayriye Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iraz Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dayehatun Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fitnat Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fakri Senol is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
Berat Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farise Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kardem Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kader Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fermani Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamdullah Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Hani.
Manager of the Beylikduzu branch is Esved Tasdemir.
Gıyas Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fevzi Toker is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
Egealp Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karsel Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cavlan Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
Gani Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Aysu Yildirim.
Ebrak Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gedik Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kainat Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Basri Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aziz Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Meserret Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
Gaffar Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leyla Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Havle Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Cezlan Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ildem Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gorani Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceren Aydin is dismissed from branch: Kale.
Gewez Gunes is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Elvan Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch this month are: 3078
Total bonuses for the Palu branch are: 17901
Cavlan Toprak is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
Felit Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balkoç Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Adile Genc is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Hanbey Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch are: 16825
Edahses Dag is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
Mamure Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch are: 16074
Giram Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Edhem Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahrume Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hizir Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Firuze Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İclal Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Felin Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebrak Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aziz Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belen Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Göçmen Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekim Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Evrensel Kilicaslan.
Adile Gul is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Manager of the Selcuk branch is Deryanur Senol.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch are: 15108
Karsel Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbilge Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Daim Aygun.
Elbek Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanbey Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bera Avci is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Ihsan Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
Hikmet Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erkinay Gunes is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
Berke Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lemide Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karsel Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Aricak branch is Ebyar Dede.
Cihanay Sari is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
Kaymak Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elbek Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derman Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Furkan Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Göçer Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cazibe Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bediz Toker is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
Hafız Celik is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
Abat Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kainat Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belde Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bozkaya Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
Hades Senol is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
Abakay Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belen Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farik Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Felat Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Kayra Tasdemir.
Ergin Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdurrahman Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Medar Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilaver Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
Mahzure Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Haktan Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hakim Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
Kezban Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Danyal Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belgin Demirci is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Mahru Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ihvan Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadis Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elanaz Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isinkan Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canalp Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokben Acar is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
Hediye Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lalin Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Makber Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Ganime Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch are: 18197
Abdurrahman Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Danyal Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
Başar Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 2869
Inanna Koc is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
Ishak Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baskın Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aylin Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fazil Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kaniye Kocak is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch are: 15122
There is no such employee.
Duran Erkan is dismissed from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
Göçer Elmas is dismissed from branch: Agin.
Delistan Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bakinaz Toker is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
Ilhami Aytac is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
Etkin Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Havle Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Darin Mengi is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Bahriye Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feleytun Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Pendik branch is Dijdar Durmaz.
Hincal Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Leyla Aksu is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Eti Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fikret Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazire Mengi is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Ayaz Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
Manager of the Silivri branch is Leyal Gunay.
There is no such employee.
Cannur Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jenin Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbilge Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abbas Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cemalnur Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feridun Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Hani.
Ildir Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
Hediye Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
Manager of the Karacabey branch is Izgutay Aktas.
There is no such employee.
Faden Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatmanur Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lemide Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ecegül Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hafize Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Bakirkoy branch is Afet Buyuk.
Manager of the Menderes branch is Mahmude Alp.
Göçmen Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferhat Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
Jasmin Kuru is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
There is no such employee.
Danyal Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haldun Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Ermiye Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farah Alp is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
Daime Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İffet Aytac is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Fercan Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kardem Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hasbek Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belemir Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
Adalet Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ertan Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Merze Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Basaksehir branch is Fırat Karahan.
Birol Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Melike Gul is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
Bahanur Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erendil Kose is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
Manager of the Altindag branch is Haktan Gul.
Bahir Duran is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
Gelin Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lebibe Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Burç Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch are: 18772
Kavin Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abaza Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamis Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Idris Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Hafız Demir.
Ecmel Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Debernuş Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecmel Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ibrahim Guler is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Hüdaverdi Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadil Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edayi Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eti Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iris Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eftal Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lebriz Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Damra Ucar is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
Fahrettin Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eceseren Arslan is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
Belgi Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Asuman Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebyar Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahise Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karmen Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanzala Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokay Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ibrahim Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch are: 16455
Dilkeste Cetin is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
Aleyna Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bilal Kose is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Etkin Kocak is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
Manager of the Kecioren branch is Faide Kara.
Loya Yigit is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
Idris Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiyar Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hurol Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canel Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Aricak branch is Ebyar Dede.
Heper Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgaz Dag is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
Hurel Ucar is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 3384
Janset Tekin is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
Abakay Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aysun Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Duru Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 3741
Bozkaya Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belgi Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylüfer Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Kale.
Birol Aytac is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Cemalnur Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadra Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch are: 17315
There is no such employee.
Gelin Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Enginsel Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gencal Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
Katre Karakas is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
Dünya Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hattat Aksu is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Dildan Aksoy.
Celile Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilfiruz Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mayra Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecehan Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erinç Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
Esved Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 17624
Erdem Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fakihe Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kadire Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Benay Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Burç Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamdullah Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hazal Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Iras Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gelincik Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hatunana Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch are: 17049
Elacık Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Manager of the Bakirkoy branch is Afet Buyuk.
Faika Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Husam Erturk is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
Figen Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch are: 16967
Dündar Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Jehat Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abak Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hanife Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balkin Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Germa Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balca Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
Dilsozi Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haktan Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cankat Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Girin Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Darcan Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilsafa Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baskın Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baskın Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Göçer Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
Karin Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hakan Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Memduha Kose is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
Dilaver Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abduş Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lamiha Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Egezade Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ertunga Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilham Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Himmet Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derya Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokben Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fikret Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokay Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derya Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
Candan Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karen Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fermani Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Birol Temel is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 293
Aysel Saglam is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
Hamiyet Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fuad Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fahri Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duman Uzun is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
Ilgaz Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gizer Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Diclehatun Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Delal Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bera Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
Lebriz Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokay Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Elanaz Demirci is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Ilbey Kose is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 292
Egezade Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cenah Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
Baldemir Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baldemir Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gaye Koc is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Ferhunde Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Asuman Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Halilullah Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Hani.
Fidan Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balkoç Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abendam Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Caneda Erkan is leaving from branch: Altindag.
Gizmen Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irtek Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hazal Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kardelen Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalım Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Diba Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demir Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bilal Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fatoş Bayrak.
Hanedan Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayla Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Girgin Sahin is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
Efdal Arslan is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
Can Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Agin.
Lale Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Abdulhamit Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fakri Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gevher Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karaca Ari is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
Ertan Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch this month are: 426
Ajda Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jiyan Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Lara Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
Hasibe Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatma Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dal Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fahir Yucel is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 318
Ilgaz Ay is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
Ceren Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Girgin Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
Canel Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
Dalım Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Geray Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecesoy Gul is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
Izgutay Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Havle Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ildir Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Banu Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fazilet Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kayra Tekin is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
Dorukhan Polat is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
Acer Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iyiturk Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
İlkben Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Mahrem Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Enhar Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leyan Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Azmi Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanzala Ay is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Lavin Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gece Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
Ilgun Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Bayindir branch this month are: 446
Bartu Erturk is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
Hamiyet Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 1163
Acarbey Acar is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 1350
Irtek Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
Bakiye Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch are: 17375
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 580
Jilda Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iras Karakas is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Hanif Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazi Toker is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
There is no such employee.
Medar Aktas is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
Merze Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ecem Erturk is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
There is no such employee.
Faraziye Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferahfeza Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ezeli Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylan Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Emetullah Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
Gencay Ipek is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
Ecmel Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isa Seker is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
Germa Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cannur Aksu is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
Demirbilek Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylak Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahbube Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Edhem Kilic is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Ecevit Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 517
Hafız Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch this month are: 988
Faik Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Igdemir Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gilyas Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Aricak branch is Ebyar Dede.
Farise Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
Hadice Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Delice Yucel is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Demirbilek Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Darcan Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Behçet Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cenah Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berkay Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edebali Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bilal Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hafız Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Adile Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Edgü Tekin is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
Ayberk Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cenah Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derince Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch are: 18320
Fadil Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Abbad Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Faize Taskin.
Bahriye Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hayriye Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deli Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ergin Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Celvetiye Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erendiz Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aydonat Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Azad Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abay Gunay is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Gevher Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatoş Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bakiye Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ishak Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Merzuka Arslan is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Bahir Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irak Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fermani Aksu is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Hafız Saglam.
Abdulrezzak Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bagatur Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ganime Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karina Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Melodi Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Arzu Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecem Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Atilla Gunay is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch this month are: 1373
There is no such employee.
Dündar Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aziz Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokalp Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kayra Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Husam Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebecen Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erksin Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 18214
Ecevit Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Halide Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamra Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Hamaset Kose is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
There is no such employee.
Erdibike Aydin is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Balkiz Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Açelya Kara is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
Hasbek Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Enhar Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ihvan Ozen is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Fazıl Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Esved Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 1408
Derem Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İlayda Gunay is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
Hayal Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
There is no such employee.
Ilhami Ozen is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Fatine Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abad Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Dehan Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fadik Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch this month are: 1655
Dijdar Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch are: 16949
Lebriz Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch are: 17981
There is no such employee.
Basri Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Başağa Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
Feyza Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferruh Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hafize Balta is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
Diba Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kahya Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Hanbey Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 1443
There is no such employee.
Havin Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Celvetiye Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Gihev Tuncer.
Canel Sahin is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Kaila/Kayla Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kısmet Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahmude Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faris Saglam is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
Hamaset Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalince Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bilal Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 18936
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edhem Koc is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Lavin Tuncer.
Ergin Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lale Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
Abak Temel is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 1647
Daim Aygun is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Dal Kose is promoted from Cook to Manager.
Eylem Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dirim Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch this month are: 1257
Cezmiye Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hadim Akbas is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdibike Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Davud Dag is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Azmi Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ira Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilbirin Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
Ebecen Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgar Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canfeza Elmas is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch are: 19250
Daya Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Galibe Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Fecir Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
Erhan Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Hani.
There is no such employee.
Lerzan Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Aybars Ceylan.
Karsel Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Felat Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fırat Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aydin Demir is dismissed from branch: Kale.
Ceydasu Sarac is promoted from Cook to Manager.
Feza Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ajda Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
Cemalnur Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
Hacı Kaya is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
Duran Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Darcan Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mediha Toker is dismissed from branch: Agin.
Abgun Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
Canela Alp is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İlkben Sari is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
Cannur Seker is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Dilay Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İkbal Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 18662
Abdi Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
There is no such employee.
Behçet Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebubekir Koc is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Lerzan Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hejmar Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 1413
There is no such employee.
Hakgüzar Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazel Ucar is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
Dilbirin Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bangu Senol is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Bahar Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch are: 20923
Edra Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demirbilek Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Eyşan Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balkoç Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilemma Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokay Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Fazilet Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferruh Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
Baharcan Avci is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Gerçek Er is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
İclal Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fahrettin Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lema Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch this month are: 2114
Ilbas Arslan is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
Baldemir Saglam is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Fadil Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Medar Ipek is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
Ebed Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gale Polat is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Fıda Erkan is dismissed from branch: Hani.
Ikram Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fuzuli Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hizir Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aber Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecir Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gaffur Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gedik Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Emel Elmas is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
Bera Ucar is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Abak Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aleyna Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Alara Elmas is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 1408
There is no such employee.
Dünya Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Kinik branch is Mahrur Yildirim.
Ganimet Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Huriye Er is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
Ayfer Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hincal Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Madelet Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkiz Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gelin Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokalp Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Alara Cicek.
Mahrem Aygun is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 1988
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 2580
Madelet Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazi Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Karsel Kaya is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Hafız Saglam.
Asli Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahzure Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hakverdi Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Durukan Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lİla Senol is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
There is no such employee.
Esennur Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ihya Mert is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Lavinya Ozen is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
İlkben Ozen is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Dalan Yildiz.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 2494
Irak Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Baglar branch is Feridun Aksu.
There is no such employee.
Aykut Karakas is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Canal Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Beylikduzu branch is Esved Tasdemir.
Ilcan Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Levin Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eceseren Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karmen Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahmude Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baha Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecenaz Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leyla Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dilay Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 1751
Hamiyet Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Birol Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilkcan Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
There is no such employee.
Hanbeğendi Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch this month are: 2239
Belen Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Daltekin Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Galibe Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Barut Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceydanur Guler is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
Barut Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilkcan Taskin is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Ebed Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aynur Genc is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
İkbal Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Lemide Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Melodi Kose is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
Fuad Alp is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Bengi Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
There is no such employee.
Gazire Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lamiye Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecmel Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
Gale Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
Feyza Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belgi Kara is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
Abuşka Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gizem Elmas is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
Ildiz Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ikan Balta is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 2920
Eyşan Yasar is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
There is no such employee.
Danyal Balta is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 2309
Eren Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 2766
Hasbek Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hakan Yasar is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Birsoy Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kadime Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Adakli branch is Gece Yigit.
Beha Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kamelya Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karina Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceydasu Ari is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Bakanay Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cannur Yucel is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
Gamze Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatoş Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Açelya Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
Delfin Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abakay Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahrume Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edahses Celik is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
Ihlamur Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gaye Yigit is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
Fecir Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Durul Kilic is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Hadra Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abendam Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bozdemir Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 2683
Kardelen Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cannur Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ibrahim Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Damla Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Canaş Guler is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
Gevher Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bakanay Tekin is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Lemide Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elacık Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Davud Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 3873
Duran Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Meral Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 2215
Hanedan Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Huseyin Mengi is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
Canperver Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
Lerzan Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ceydanur Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
Itri Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Janbek Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 2932
Hattat Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Levin Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bahise Kuru is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Feridun Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gazel Genc.
Haktan Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Janbek Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebrar Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fena Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 2903
Leyan Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayhan Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lalin Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Karsel Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadik Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Eğilmez Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ecegül Tekin.
Durul Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanzala Senol is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
Cazibe Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamdullah Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
Ilgun Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lamiha Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fazil Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hakikat Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hayriye Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ikan Kose is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
Gihev Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ifakat Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elmira Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Evgin Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hurel Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eylem Erturk is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Hamiyet Aygun is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
Canel Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Daim Celik.
Abgun Duran is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Behçet Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canane Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Arzu Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Falaz Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Asuman Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Asiye Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Barut Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gece Elmas is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
Kaymak Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Pendik.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Abdulkadir Temel.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 2922
Lebriz Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Girgin Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch are: 20870
Gokben Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Karin Gunes.
Aygen Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceydacan Avci is dismissed from branch: Hani.
Ecegül Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Esved Kaya is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
Dalya Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Halide Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kamer Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mefharet Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ilgaz Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fıda Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belgi Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faika Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Hani.
Jeyan Kocak is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
Bahtiyar Ozen is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
Hale Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanzala Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Karya Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hurkan Sarac is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Birol Yucel is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jehat Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feyza Aktas is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
Leylim Yigit is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
Erendil Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jengar Dag is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
İdil Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abbas Mert is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
Feyza Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bartu Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Can Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baldemir Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fikri Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
Ecebay Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karmen Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 2642
Durukan Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Felek Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Felat Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Bahtiyar Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Abakay Oz is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Edgü Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abak Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hediye Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
Erk Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Hidayet Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecegül Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 2443
Ferruh Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ertan Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
Farise Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bahriye Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Hani branch this month are: 1989
Canaş Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceydanur Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Celile Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isinkan Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jiyan Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch this month are: 3114
Dünya Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Madelet Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
Hamdullah Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Evin Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dündar Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jergar Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hurkan Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Huri Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Habide Balta is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
Melike Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecir Sahin is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebrar Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demiralp Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canane Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Jinmir Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dijdar Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cihanay Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bakanay Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Furkan Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Destecan Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Efehan Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iraz Demirci is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
Ezgi Ay is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilsozi Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erkinay Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eser Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edhem Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gilyas Acar is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 3310
Belgi Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cilvekar Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ayaz Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 3463
There is no such employee.
Aysu Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abbad Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hacil Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jalenur Genc is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Total bonuses for the Bayindir branch this month are: 2801
Eser Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haveri Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferhan Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aleyna Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebrak Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Bayindir branch are: 20758
Halim Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ertunga Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cilvekar Kuru is dismissed from branch: Agin.
There is no such employee.
Ganimet Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abbad Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ihvan Alkan is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Ecegül Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Burak Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
Felit Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Barbaros Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abakan/Abakay Toker is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
Aba Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gaffur Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch are: 23054
Leylan Erkan is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Kayla Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kadire Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fena Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hasret Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hakim Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Maide Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanedan Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanbey Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
Behçet Aktas is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
Bahise Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 5230
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Göçmen Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bartu Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
Berke Arslan is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Ebrak Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jasmin Kose is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karanfil Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
Bahamra Karakas is dismissed from branch: Kale.
Balkin Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch this month are: 3587
Husam Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erim Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Maide Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazel Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Harika Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Lavin Tuncer.
Feyzullah Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ildem Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
There is no such employee.
Hayal Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Bahar Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İdil Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aynur Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 3600
Aybars Uzun is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kezban Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Cezmiye Balta is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
İlkben Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekenel Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahmure Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdulkadir Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dilfeza Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Garibe Ay is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakan/Abakay Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abadın Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
Canalp Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baran Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Gazel Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Esmeray Yigit is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
Manager of the Selcuk branch is Deryanur Senol.
Fikrettin Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
Meserret Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Selcuk branch are: 19640
Deha Senol is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
Fuzuli Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Baran Ozen is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
Mayra Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jengar Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dündar Erkan is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
Leyan Ipek is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
Funda Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdem Ozen is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Hamiyet Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbay Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mesudane Kuru is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
Izgutay Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eftal Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Funda Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dahiye Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aber Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdibike Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eti Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bengi Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch are: 21905
Ilbas Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
Manager of the Palu branch is Göçmen Cicek.
Manager of the Basaksehir branch is Fırat Karahan.
Leyla Gunay is dismissed from branch: Hani.
Balin Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Dirok Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acarhatun Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feleytun Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cenah Aygun is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
Kahya Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecegül Tekin is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Ebecen Yilmaz is promoted from Cook to Manager.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 5077
Hulki Arslan is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Feyza Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Delistan Duran is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Hatunana Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dorukhan Mert is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
Gerçek Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ihlamur Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erk Celik is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
Aborkar Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kainat Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faris Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gewez Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hakgüzar Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch this month are: 5443
Hadice Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalya Saglam is dismissed from branch: Konak.
Huriye Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canela Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
Heper Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dildan Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fuzuli Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilal Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
Asiye Aygun is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
Ecir Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch are: 22339
Kayla Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berat Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feyza Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gaye Nas is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
Canel Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ersevim Ucar is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
Irak Aytac is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
Ebrak Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 4475
Jinmir Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aysu Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
Isinsoy Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
Dilbirin Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Etfal Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch are: 20887
Kamer Sarac is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
Hiram Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch this month are: 3011
Fitnat Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Janseli Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acarbike Aygun is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
Canalp Ozen is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Dorukhan Nas is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Berkan Uzun is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Balkin Saglam.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiyar Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canela Er is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
There is no such employee.
Dirok Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gizmen Cetin is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
Felit Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch are: 22210
Daim Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Atilgan Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch are: 20929
Filinta Aytac is dismissed from branch: Agin.
Kainat Balta is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
Edaay Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lara Yigit is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Maya Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Etfal Karahan is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Cemalnur Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feyzullah Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Izzettin Aksoy.
Berke Celik is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
Gazale Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baharcan Gunay is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Eğilmez Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dirim Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hilkat Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Mahfer Aktas is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Gale Ozen is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
Bediz Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 2827
There is no such employee.
Farah Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
Faris Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Egealp Koc is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Acer Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hurel Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belgin Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 4332
There is no such employee.
Ediz Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
Ihvan Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canela Arslan is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
Fadıla Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Makbule Kara is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
Gorani Demirci is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Diba Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fitnat Erkan is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Ebrar Ipek.
Hacı Toprak is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
Bakinaz Tekin is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Abak Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Abakan/Abakay Ozen.
There is no such employee.
Bahanur Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ezra Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Egealp Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanzala Kilic is dismissed from branch: Pendik.
Lerzan Temel is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
İlayda Taskin is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch are: 22514
Ferda Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Esved Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Cilvekar Nas is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Gedik Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Habib Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faraziye Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadil Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mesudane Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Felit Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Asiye Senol is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
Dal Ucar is dismissed from branch: Pendik.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayindir branch this month are: 0
Fikrettin Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halim Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
Aygen Polat is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
Emetullah Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canaş Guler is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 0
Abuşka Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokben Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Berk Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erna Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Geray Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abdurrahman Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fadil Demir is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
Ebrar Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bozdemir Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hasibe Gul is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Deran Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fenni Avci is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
Dirlik Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Gani Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belgin Celik is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feza Cetin is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
Edebali Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kaymak Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdenay Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 259
Cemresu Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habib Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Elacık Balta is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Ayvaz Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ikan Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Melike Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Memduha Dag is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Filiz Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 417
There is no such employee.
Halide Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Balkin Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch this month are: 298
Abadan Kara is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
Gokberk Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
Ilgat Gunes is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
Abdulrezzak Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Habib Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Layike Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
Destecan Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hulusi Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jefi Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilaver Kara is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
Feray Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erhan Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hale Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Faden Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekber Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Arzu Gunes is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Karmen Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kısmet Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fermande Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 659
Feridun Demir is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 644
Gelenay Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gokben Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch this month are: 816
Filiz Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İffet Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Devrim Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Duran Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cahide Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edra Akbas is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
Aborkar Taskin is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
Karen Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Doğannur Yucel is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
Felit Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayfer Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Atilla Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ikram Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Duru Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Candan Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazel Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kagithane branch is Abadan Arslan.
Gece Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
Başağa Uzun is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
Havva Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Elbek Duran is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
Edaay Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haldun Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dünya Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
Haluk Ucar is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Eylem Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ediz Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ezeli Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Filizer Aksu is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadime Kuru is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
There is no such employee.
Husam Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
Esennur Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch this month are: 555
Ceydasu Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hades Aktas is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
Balkiz Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamis Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haktan Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Huri Genc is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
Canela Duran is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Heper Cetin is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
Kahya Aktas is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
Harika Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Asuman Erkan is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Jergar Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 516
Mesudane Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kayansel Aydin is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
Lİna Dede is dismissed from branch: Urla.
İdil Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Mesudane Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferid Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bakanay Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canece Sahin is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Ebecen Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dehan Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kainat Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fena Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Celile Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lamiye Temel is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 1367
Iraz Mengi is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
Feyza Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Merzuka Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erensu Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahzure Mert is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
Gizmen Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
Etkin Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Iknat Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karadut Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canece Ozen is dismissed from branch: Konak.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 1248
Jiyan Nas is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
Leylim Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdurrahman Aydin is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Ecehan Kuru is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Ezra Balta is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
Gaffur Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazel Cicek is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
Etkin Sahin is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch this month are: 1375
Bengi Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
There is no such employee.
Gokben Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abakay Alkan is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
Daime Kara is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 1294
There is no such employee.
Enhar Balta is dismissed from branch: Konak.
Lavin Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Izgutay Sari is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
There is no such employee.
Fenniye Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
Jinsal Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kardem Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aziz Seker is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Abay Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Acarbey Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Edgü Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fazil Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isinkan Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gilyas Erturk is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
Leyla Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gece Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekenel Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bilal Yucel is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Ilgaz Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Pendik.
Benan Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Jale Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
Başar Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Faize Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceydanur Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Burç Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aysu Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gewez Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ajda Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecir Erkan is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fıda Alp is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Faide Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demiralp Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdullah Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Delal Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalya Gunes is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Husam Sari is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
Gayret Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylak Ipek is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch this month are: 872
Danyal Dag is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
Bergen Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
Firdevsi Dede is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Keriman Ucar is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
Ihlamur Mert is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Ferhat Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Ira Seker is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Gazire Avci is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch this month are: 1019
Belgi Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch are: 21234
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 2050
Dirlik Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Meriç Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mayra Balta is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
Bediz Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hincal Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
Cahide Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
Karen Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
Heper Mert is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
Macide Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fevzi Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balca Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
Gelenay Nas is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
Kamelya Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bala Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahsure Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lebriz Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baldemir Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch are: 19267
Farah Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Esenyurt branch this month are: 1411
Gencal Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hacil Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
Kavin Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
Lerzan Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 1599
There is no such employee.
Gazel Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch are: 24244
Husam Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Dayehatun Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kayra Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Damla Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Loya Toprak is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Ebrar Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
Irsad Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadime Polat is dismissed from branch: Kale.
Caneda Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyal Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hüdaverdi Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eğilmez Gunay is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 1341
Ferahfeza Nas is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Berk Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hafız Yucel is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Abdülalim Polat is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Levzi Elmas is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
Karadut Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
Baran Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Habil Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abakay Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch are: 21581
Lerzan Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Evin Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Abadın Dag is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
Faik Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hatice Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilsozi Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilkeste Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leyla Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karakız Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Istemihan Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 1581
Hatunana Ipek is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
Dündar Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bengisu Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kadire Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gihev Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jale Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elacık Ay is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
Halide Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Falaz Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferda Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dalan Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch are: 25365
Behçet Kara is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
Hakverdi Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aysu Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Dijdar Ay is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
Birsoy Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Adalet Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hazan Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilhami Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 855
There is no such employee.
Doğannur Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazal Karahan is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Birol Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ajda Duran is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Jergar Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kahya Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamit Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 2356
Hakim Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canel Ipek is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
Karya Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Habil Gul is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
İclal Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahibe Acar is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
Mayra Ay is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
Hilal Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Ecem Guler is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Aysu Yildirim.
Larissa Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch this month are: 1029
Abadın Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Bayindir branch are: 23456
Kamile Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irak Mengi is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
Irmak Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mecide Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canfeda Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Celile Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kadire Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Maide Kilic is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
Delice Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
Ihvan Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Davud Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
Havva Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Inanna Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Basim Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatma Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bagatur Oz is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Cannur Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Efdal Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch this month are: 1263
Aysun Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Agin branch is Alev Kilicaslan.
Kamelya Karakas is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
Basri Saglam is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Ferzin Erturk is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Kadriye Acar is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Durul Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Ezra Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jale Gunay is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
Gorani Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Agin.
There is no such employee.
Galip Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilkeste Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gewez Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canipek Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acarbike Dag is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Behçet Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Huri Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belde Dede is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
Başak Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ajda Senol is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 1774
Ibrahim Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
There is no such employee.
İclal Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kamelya Erturk is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
Manager of the Kucukcekmece branch is Jilda Ozturk.
Ilcan Kara is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Jiyan Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abbas Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch this month are: 2296
There is no such employee.
Ilaydin Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Haki Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elvan Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Basim Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İkbal Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Benay Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferzin Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belen Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Açelya Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fevzi Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilhami Kara is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
Faika Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baharnaz Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cezmiye Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Candan Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakay Toker is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 1774
Hamdullah Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duman Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayvaz Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eğmen Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dileda Polat is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Faysal Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Firuze Cetin.
Canay Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilham Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kayra Saglam is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faik Senol is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Cansel Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Janset Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanzala Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baran Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch this month are: 2556
Dafne Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 1656
Ekin Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
Fena Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayhan Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Giram Ari is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
Ekber Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceyhan Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ertan Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hafız Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Katre Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch are: 21882
Banu Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berat Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
Isfendiyar Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
Delistan Demirci is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
Fenniye Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bakiye Ipek is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Karmen Aytac is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
Habibullah Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Destan Kuru is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
There is no such employee.
Ayvaz Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Burç Uzun is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Barbaros Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
Basim Kuru is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Istemihan Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fekahet Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leyli Celik is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 2982
Total bonuses for the Esenyurt branch are: 25742
Ayla Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hakan Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Eftal Erturk.
There is no such employee.
Canperver Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Huray Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isa Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gelin Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ertan Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 2046
Acarbey Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farik Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dirok Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Emel Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aygen Aksu is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
Ilgar Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hazan Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Mahiye Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Acarhatun Acar is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Melodi Er is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Ferah Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Mahiye Celik is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Letafet Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 3073
Abat Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch are: 23985
Cansel Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Merze Mert is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
Cezmiye Temel is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
Hasbek Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
Mahizar Aslan is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Bahtiser Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fulya Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 2477
Galibe Acar is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
Kardan Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Elanaz Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Falaz Kara is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
Bahtiser Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgun Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ihya Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ebed Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Başar Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faraziye Sarac is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 2007
There is no such employee.
Eceseren Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Levin Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Girgin Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eceseren Erturk is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
Abad Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canane Koc is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
Habil Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kadime Karahan is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
Karadut Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dildar Sari is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 3488
Dalım Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Konak.
Aziz Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ecrin Yigit is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Fahri Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ajda Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gizmen Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecenaz Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aysel Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Duran Kocak is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
Jenin Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abadın Akbas is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Eti Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
Aysel Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
Jengar Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
Balkin Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
Adalet Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bakiye Kuru is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ildem Sari is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
Erendiz Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leyli Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hilal Aydin is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Irak Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
Caneda Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kardan Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ledeyna Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdulkadir Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Emetullah Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
Feray Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Efehan Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 2050
Derin Kilic is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
Farise Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
Bala Ay is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
Edayi Dede is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
Ilcan Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch this month are: 2893
Destan Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Felek Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Maide Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Adile Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahibe Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Emetullah Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Ferid Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
Fezai Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
Delistan Acar is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
Karanfil Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch this month are: 2451
Behin Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Selcuk branch this month are: 2269
İlke Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leyli Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belde Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Levzi Kaya is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
Eser Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecmel Kilic is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Hafız Aksu is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ildiz Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahrur Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Letafet Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
Erendil Yigit is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Iraz Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahrur Yucel is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
Banu Ucar is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
Germa Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canipek Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hafsa Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahanur Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Madelet Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Birsoy Aytac is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
Hakgüzar Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
Göçmen Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Elanaz Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Edebali Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayla Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Kecioren branch is Faide Kara.
Başak Erkan is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
İkbal Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilci Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faysal Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayla Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Berkan Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hasret Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokberk Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferhan Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edra Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Hattat Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Firdevsi Toker is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Meriç Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
Abak Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bakinaz Ucar is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
Hafsa Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgat Alp is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
Hurol Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Beha Sari is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
Kaymak Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch this month are: 2653
There is no such employee.
Dalayer Ipek is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
Hakim Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
Bahiye Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Celvetiye Erturk is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
Dafne Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecevit Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derman Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mesudane Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fazıl Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ertunga Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Lavanta Kaya is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
Gazi Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karanfil Aktas is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 2871
Total bonuses for the Yeditepe branch this month are: 1808
Abdal Gunay is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Ecehan Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kayra Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isinkan Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ecehan Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Cahide Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hafsa Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fuzuli Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baldemir Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bagatur Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Delistan Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilaydin Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gihev Kocak is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
Jaledar Mengi is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Felat Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
Leyal Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deryanur Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Asiye Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch are: 25725
Ilbilge Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cezlan Avci is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
Baran Duran is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakverdi Aygun is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
Abad Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 2479
Baran Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
Ersevim Gunay is dismissed from branch: Hani.
Ezra Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Layza Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Medar Karahan is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
Egezade Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bahir Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Aba Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baha Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Canfeza Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derya Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hakan Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ezra Duran is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Demir Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanbeğendi Sari is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
Fadime Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Maide Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Galibe Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Konak.
Hakim Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lal Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gezer Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Avanos branch this month are: 3659
Balca Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lebriz Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feleytun Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Girgin Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mefharet Gul is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
Can Guler is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Huri Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
Candan Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Giram Karahan is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
There is no such employee.
Dündar Kaya is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Aynur Celik is dismissed from branch: Pendik.
Leyan Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Daya Acar is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch are: 24254
There is no such employee.
Dildar Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aynur Genc is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Aber Ari is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
Arzu Seker is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
Demirbilek Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cemresu Koc is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
Bakinaz Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Asli Aygun is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
Fena Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceydasu Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faize Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Destecan Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lavanta Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erensu Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
Bangu Taskin is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Ebyar Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lavinya Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aytekin Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Geray Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
Karin Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Agin.
Ferruh Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Celvetiye Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Medar Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 4310
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ertunga Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ersevim Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ekenel Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Geray Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Galip Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Evrensel Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isinsoy Gul is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
Eceseren Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebrak Polat is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Hafız Demir.
Kadriye Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mefharet Aydin is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Daim Cetin is dismissed from branch: Kale.
Kalender Elmas is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
Ferruh Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayvaz Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Candan Aktas is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
Göçer Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fecri Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayaz Tekin is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
Manager of the Yeditepe branch is Efehan Kaya.
Ceydanur Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balca Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Darcan Toprak is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
Fadil Oz is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Manager of the Gulsehir branch is Gazal Sari.
There is no such employee.
Ayhan Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Adile Senol is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
Aysun Nas is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
Cemalnur Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
Abdal Aslan is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Jale Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
Fatih Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aykut Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mensure Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hikmet Aksu is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Felin Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Doruk Karakas is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch are: 23433
Ikan Kocak is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
Darin Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadra Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aydin Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ledeyna Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Garibe Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebed Yucel is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
Dirlik Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
Erna Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdibike Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalsar Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Halim Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Izgutay Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecesoy Karahan is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Faide Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Burç Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abaza Aktas is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Melodi Duran is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
Abaza Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Janset Kilic is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
Ferhan Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
Damra Avci is dismissed from branch: Pendik.
Itri Aslan is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch are: 30597
Hakan Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Dilaver Demir is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
Dijdar Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dildar Demirci is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
Bahise Tekin is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
Figen Ari is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Durul Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fakirullah Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deran Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dündar Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abakay Yigit is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch are: 28161
Afet Temel is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayla Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Habib Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokalp Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Selcuk branch are: 24097
Haluk Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mayra Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Agin branch is Alev Kilicaslan.
Asiye Ozen is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
Hulki Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Latife Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Füreyya Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Havle Guler is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
Aziz Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Barbaros Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faik Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dilbirin Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
Bagatur Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Benay Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abaza Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahbube Mert is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
Hüdaverdi Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baha Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Dildan Aksoy.
Demir Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Debernuş Kaya is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
Canperver Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belgin Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokberk Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aygen Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Egealp Erturk is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Gevher Demir is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Kezban Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fermande Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fatoş Bayrak.
Ferhunde Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokalp Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Acarbike Gunes is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
Jergar Akbas is dismissed from branch: Kale.
Eyşan Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belgi Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fırat Ucar is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Havle Elmas is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Fazilet Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hejmar Arslan is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Fatma Kara is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farah Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gavsi Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Islahiye branch is Gokben Ay.
Meral Gunes is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
Derman Sarac is leaving from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
Abbas Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Avanos branch are: 24104
Bagatur Acar is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Mahzure Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilbirin Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hurol Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Loya Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aydin Yigit is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
Jilda Aktas is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Bakanay Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch are: 27066
Felin Erkan is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
Bakiye Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deryanur Kose is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
Fakri Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Damla Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Firuze Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canalp Acar is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faika Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
Ebrar Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iknat Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatine Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kafiye Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Maya Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hikmet Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Abuşka Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kahya Toprak is dismissed from branch: Pendik.
There is no such employee.
Fecir Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Acunalp Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Hani.
Ilbas Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
Gaffar Yasar is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
Fer Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baharnaz Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Darcan Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canipek Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferruh Nas is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Huriye Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ibrahim Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamiyet Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kayra Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acarbey Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kamuran Cicek is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
Fadıla Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ertan Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erendiz Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kainat Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deli Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Igdemir Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mesudane Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berat Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Delice Gul is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
Cankat Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferhat Ari is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
Dal Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mamure Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elanaz Ay is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
Birol Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayaz Guler is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Füreyya Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Aliaga branch are: 27833
There is no such employee.
Derya Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Beliz Aytac is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Hanedan Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Meserret Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fulya Senol is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihsan Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayberk Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdurrahman Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
Cankut Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Evrensel Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
Irsad Yilmazer is promoted from Cook to Manager.
Huri Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ertunga Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cankat Aktas is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
Gaffar Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Hatunana Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Ebrar Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hurel Sari is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Kaila/Kayla Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Jiyan Demirci is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
Garabed Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aysu Ari is dismissed from branch: Hani.
Gerçek Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dilaver Elmas is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
Ayfer Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
Karina Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Inanna Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokberk Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iyiturk Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Hamdullah Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdullah Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilaver Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berk Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Figen Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch are: 26169
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch are: 28827
There is no such employee.
Memduha Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mediha Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jinsal Aslan is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
Bahar Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
There is no such employee.
Levzi Koc is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Fitnat Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deli Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Mahinur Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
Ermiye Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
There is no such employee.
Celile Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Mahzure Arslan is dismissed from branch: Agin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadik Yasar is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Gelenay Cicek is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
There is no such employee.
Gihev Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faide Uzun is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Faruk Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazal Kuru is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
Dildan Polat is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
Ferahfeza Gunes is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Derman Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanife Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erendiz Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abgun Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jinmir Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatma Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fehim Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahariye Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ebecen Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
Jinsal Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gorani Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jinmir Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Derya Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Meserret Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Delal Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ceydanur Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demirezen Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
Ildir Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
Erksin Polat is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
Derem Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hasbek Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gaffar Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gediz Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abat Ay is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
Ecehan Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ertunga Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Insel Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hurel Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
Hazan Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ezeli Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Galip Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch are: 26104
Dilsafa Erkan is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
Benan Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Adalan Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ecehan Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Mahfer Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acunalp Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Janbek Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 27955
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cezlan Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Burak Mert is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
Cezire Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Filinta Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bilal Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Delfin Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bediz Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dileda Acar is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
Devrim Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Behçet Seker is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch are: 32549
Hazal Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelenay Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Barut Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Hafız Saglam.
There is no such employee.
Abadın Elmas is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
Gelin Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Arzu Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Bahanur Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Insel Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lavanta Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berat Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Furkan Senol is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilemma Gunes is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
Fadile Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canhanım Gunay is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
Janbek Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Havva Ucar is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
Hidayet Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
Total bonuses for the Hani branch this month are: 2212
Hamide Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
Erendil Yigit is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
Faik Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hafsa Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Palu branch is Göçmen Cicek.
There is no such employee.
Gayret Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Elvan Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
There is no such employee.
Dijdar Aktas is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
Karadut Yildiz is leaving from branch: Kucukcekmece.
Abdulkadir Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ihsan Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huriye Guler is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Dal Kose.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgi Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
Ceyhan Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilay Demirci is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Canaş Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Esenyurt branch is Filizer Nas.
Danyal Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbas Senol is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Isfendiyar Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balin Temel is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
There is no such employee.
Ceydacan Erturk is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch are: 26988
There is no such employee.
Dehna Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Halide Ipek is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
Dalım Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demir Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mediha Kilic is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kardem Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dildar Seker is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
Balca Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Damla Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Layza Kocak is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
Cezmiye Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aydemir Mengi is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Egezade Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daya Dag is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
Barbaros Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanedan Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch are: 27545
There is no such employee.
Ferah Gunay is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Mahzure Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Kamelya Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecir Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cankat Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abad Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ebecen Uzun is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
Barbaros Yucel is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Abduş Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Geray Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Mayra Demir.
There is no such employee.
Karsu Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Etfal Celik is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
Dorukhan Dag is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
Canece Temel is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
Hüdaverdi Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Darin Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Jale Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haktan Gul is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
Burç Yavuz is promoted from Cook to Manager.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekber Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faruk Duran is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Belen Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Evgin Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ikram Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hadis Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hakim Aslan is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
Ebrar Sahin is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
Cilvekar Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanife Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Agin.
Ilbey Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farika Koc is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Canalp Mert is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Fatine Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berk Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aborkar Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Debernuş Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ayfer Gunes is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
Ayhan Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hamiyet Duran is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
Janbek Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bengi Kilic is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
Istemihan Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erhan Kose is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch are: 28206
There is no such employee.
Ceren Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fenni Gul is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Mahur Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
Hiram Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Cankut Avci.
Baharcan Kose is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Acarbey Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Durukan Gul is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Bediz Seker is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Furkan Cetin is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Meral Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aykut Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
Ferhunde Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahrem Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hilal Ozen is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
Gokberk Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahrume Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Ferhunde Sahin is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
There is no such employee.
Aytunç Dag is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
Devrim Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Cankut Avci.
Cemalnur Temel is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Hulki Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fazilet Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Alev Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faysal Cicek is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
Kayansel Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balin Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Kamuran Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abakan/Abakay Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ilham Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch are: 28377
Destecan Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mensure Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bakinaz Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Delistan Temel is dismissed from branch: Kale.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch are: 32283
Kayansel Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fena Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Haluk Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dehna Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kadire Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bartu Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elbek Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Meriç Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eren Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isinkan Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jefi Genc is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
Efdal Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lavin Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Havin Mert is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
Lal Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Dalbaş Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
Hamis Ucar is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Haldun Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gizmen Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Afet Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jefi Yigit is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
Baha Erturk is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
Karmen Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jefi Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aleyna Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
Havva Cetin is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Gazele Duran is dismissed from branch: Pendik.
Hadis Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Cannur Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derem Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
Hincal Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
Fecri Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fuzuli Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fakri Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ifakat Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
Canperver Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Erinç Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dorukhan Senol is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
Letafet Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ledeyna Aksu is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
Dildan Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbase Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gavsi Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Germa Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch this month are: 2487
Basri Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Kecioren branch is Faide Kara.
Diclehatun Kose is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch are: 28910
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lamiha Mert is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Kamuran Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Karsu Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ibrahim Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ferzin Kuru is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Handan Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Aydin Kocak is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadire Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
Abaza Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylüfer Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferhan Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahmude Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gizer Senol is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Hacer Elmas is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
Dilfeza Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Firdevsi Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceydasu Akbas is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Erhan Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadil Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gediz Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Lema Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Ejder Duran is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
Mahrem Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Başağa Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lerzan Erturk is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
There is no such employee.
Erdem Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
Fıda Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Hayal Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Basaksehir branch is Fırat Karahan.
Erna Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halim Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jergar Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karen Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch are: 29067
Latife Gul is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Geray Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
Hale Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Elmira Temel is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
Cankat Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch are: 30845
Dirim Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abadın Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatih Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Elmira Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farik Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fena Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Karaburun branch is Füreyya Dede.
Ferruh Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceydacan Alkan is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
Daime Demir is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
Faris Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fahrettin Guler is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Furkan Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
Dalayer Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
Hakverdi Erkan is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Badem Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hafize Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derince Erkan is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Beliz Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
Berkay Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Daime Acar is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
Karakız Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Deryab Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fazıl Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derya Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Lebriz Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leman Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
There is no such employee.
Ildem Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kalender Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Habil Karahan is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Enhar Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Evgin Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
Göçer Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fercan Yucel is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
Abgun Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Delfin Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferhat Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Jilda Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Behçet Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gencaslan Kuru is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahamra Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgi Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Derem Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Kayra Tasdemir.
There is no such employee.
Fitnat Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Balin Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilaydin Seker is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
Abdi Ceylan is leaving from branch: Beydag.
Belen Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bilal Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hayriye Ipek is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
There is no such employee.
Ceren Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekin Demir is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Asli Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kardem Gul is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Jarin Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aborkar Seker is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Hamide Sari is dismissed from branch: Pendik.
Afitap Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Larissa Saglam is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Mayra Demir.
Abdurrahman Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
Havle Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dilferah Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch are: 28333
Ediz Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Ihya Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 30699
Mahrur Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferhan Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Halas Gunes is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
There is no such employee.
Debernuş Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
Fezai Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalsar Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bediz Toker is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
Delice Mengi is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
Jeyan Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karaca Akbas is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Macide Tekin is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
Manager of the Genc branch is Garabed Yasar.
Makber Cicek is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
Abadan Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
Bala Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Destan Mert is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
Bahise Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dijdar Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
Jutenya Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
Ferruh Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lİla Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Dilsozi Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Janseli Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derem Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gazele Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Gıyas Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Lara Sarac is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Hidayet Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
Dilfeza Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Husamettin Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cansel Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Basri Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bangu Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
Hincal Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mayra Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dilfigar Alp is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
Ersevim Sahin is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
Gerçek Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iknat Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kaila/Kayla Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kayansel Kocak is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
Abduş Elmas is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Ildir Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Layike Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Debernuş Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Durul Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canaş Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abat Genc is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
Hikmet Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ayberk Dag is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
Fehim Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haktan Ari is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
Mamure Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahtiyar Ay is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Erdibike Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bahriye Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
Lale Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Cankaya branch is Irmak Aksu.
Darcan Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aydemir Gul is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
İdil Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Diclehatun Aktas is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
Haluk Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ekin Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daime Toker is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferzin Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Baharnaz Gunes is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
Hayat Yasar is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
There is no such employee.
Canel Gunay is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
Canalp Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fazilet Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Cankut Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lebriz Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mefharet Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Arzu Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deryanur Yasar is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
İclal Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fırtına Kara is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
Ece Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kezban Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
Fazıl Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
Dal Aktas is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
There is no such employee.
Demir Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isfendiyar Alkan is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
There is no such employee.
Aydemir Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylüfer Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferahfeza Akbas is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Dahiye Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jinsal Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Evin Toker is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Acem Seker is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
Caneda Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kadife Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aytekin Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gewez Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Duman Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Galip Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Maltepe branch is Madelet Toprak.
Diclehatun Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ledeyna Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gevher Alkan is dismissed from branch: Konak.
Demirezen Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazel Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Ajda Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abad Kilic is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
Karaca Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch are: 30167
Hayriye Balta is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
Esennur Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Egezade Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feridun Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
Hamit Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
Ilham Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Kardem Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lavinya Yucel is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
Leyli Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Erensu Alp is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
Dündar Mert is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch this month are: 3647
Balca Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feridun Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Başağa Ari is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
Faruk Kuru is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delal Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalım Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Ferhan Yucel is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
Ekin Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belemir Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kamile Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Doruk Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ifakat Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ikram Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kamelya Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Larasu Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hiram Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abakay Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Davud Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bozkaya Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dahiye Ari is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
Berkan Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Igdemir Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Aybars Ceylan.
Emel Yucel is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
Hayriye Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berkan Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bilal Acar is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Garabed Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ildir Elmas is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
Ira Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Duru Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferah Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Adile Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferhan Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
Fatmanur Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch are: 32549
Furkan Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Karmen Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadra Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irak Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Katmer Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Celile Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Galibe Saglam is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
Debernuş Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berk Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kaila/Kayla Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Iraz Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kamile Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Göçer Toker is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
Fecri Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dijdar Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ildiz Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aytekin Dag is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Fitnat Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kısmet Seker is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
Eti Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
Eylem Kaya is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
Fezai Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
Feyzullah Senol is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Ilkcan Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kader Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
Gani Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leyli Aygun is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Hafize Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokberk Ari is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Eyşan Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch are: 29151
Fatma Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Konak branch is Fermani Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hiram Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Barbaros Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Kecioren branch is Faide Kara.
Aykut Taskin is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
Bala Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch are: 29807
Celvetiye Toker is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
There is no such employee.
Loya Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahrume Genc is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiser Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acarbike Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch are: 32419
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kucukcekmece branch is Jilda Ozturk.
Fatmanur Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamra Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Ertunga Balta is dismissed from branch: Kale.
Ayberk Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
There is no such employee.
Felit Taskin is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Hanbeğendi Toker is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
Dayahatun Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kaymak Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belde Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cezire Yigit is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Hafsa Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gezgin Dag is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fariha Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanbeğendi Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceren Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanedan Durmaz is leaving from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
Duman Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ifakat Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Aysu Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Furkan Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Elanaz Aytac is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
Aysel Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Mahur Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Felat Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Larissa Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hafız Aydin is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
There is no such employee.
Edgü Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Katmer Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Husamettin Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gıyas Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dijdar Kaya is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Medar Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Enhar Alp is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahbube Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
Gelincik Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baskın Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Layike Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jinsal Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Abakay Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayfer Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
Jalenur Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acarhatun Erturk is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yeditepe branch this month are: 102
Evrensel Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elbek Mengi is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
Ganimet Aygun is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lerzan Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demir Kilic is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
Dalayer Yucel is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
Dilaver Yasar is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
Gizer Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferruh Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Larissa Alp is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
Erdibike Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
Kafiye Aksu is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch are: 32853
There is no such employee.
Kardem Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilfiruz Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Damra Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylak Ari is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
Hamdullah Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Lavin Tuncer.
Fahir Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bala Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
Leylan Balta is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Feridun Oz is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
Jalenur Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Feza Toprak is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fuzuli Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
Hamis Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Danyal Karahan is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
Darin Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebrar Genc is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
Balkin Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ildem Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fercan Tekin is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanife Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Emel Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Benay Temel is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
Dalan Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cazibe Genc is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
Hadis Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kamer Kocak is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Elmira Arslan is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
Demirezen Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kinik branch is Mahrur Yildirim.
Erna Duran is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
Girin Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
Mahsure Aydin is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilal Dag is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Esmeray Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Aba Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erkut Ozen is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
Ildir Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
Balkin Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalan Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
Manager of the Fatih branch is Leylan Toker.
Belgi Seker is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
Lİla Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gewez Cetin is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Bahir Polat is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edgü Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daim Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Beha Cicek is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deli Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ecesoy Arslan is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Acunalp Koc is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
There is no such employee.
Lamiye Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karanfil Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Banu Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gazire Akbas is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Balkin Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Aygül Ay is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
Canel Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gerçek Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lavin Kaya is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
Izzettin Ari is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Iras Karahan is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fahri Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haktan Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eren Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch this month are: 879
Arzu Elmas is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kardelen Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Janseli Nas is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Feleytun Erkan is promoted from Cook to Manager.
There is no such employee.
Aydin Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Ece Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdulhamit Gunes is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Larasu Acar is dismissed from branch: Pendik.
Fercan Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Maide Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ersevim Karahan is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Cankut Avci.
Ferhan Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
Dalbaş Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
Berkay Sarac is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacer Kocak is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
There is no such employee.
Ilbilge Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fırat Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bahir Kuru is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
Lalin Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Kale.
Canay Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Layike Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
There is no such employee.
Duran Kara is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Kalender Gunes is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
Destecan Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Janset Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Medar Uzun is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalayer Mert is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
There is no such employee.
Lİna Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebyar Aktas is dismissed from branch: Agin.
Iris Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lamiye Aktas is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
There is no such employee.
Abdi Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cankut Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Dalayer Saglam is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
Mahiye Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lamiye Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ejder Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karaca Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Enginsel Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Makbule Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Bediz Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iris Yavuz is leaving from branch: Bayindir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Harika Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fahir Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Mahrume Elmas is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 902
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch are: 33325
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecegül Kilic is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sahinbey branch is Canan Ucar.
There is no such employee.
Fadime Nas is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
Abak Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hakan Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aytekin Yigit is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
Adalet Demir is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Gazal Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demirbilek Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Hulusi Sahiner.
Hadice Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hanbey Ucar is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
Aygen Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Durukan Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 1687
There is no such employee.
Feyzullah Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekim Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abbase Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eren Polat is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
Faruk Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eğmen Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiyar Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karsu Polat is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
Feza Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdurrahman Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cemresu Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
Basim Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fecir Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilfeza Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Karya Elmas is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
Hurel Aytac is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
There is no such employee.
Fulya Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Benan Akbas is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Selcuk branch is Deryanur Senol.
Behçet Gul is dismissed from branch: Hani.
There is no such employee.
Mediha Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
Faize Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Firdevsi Guler is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
Ekenel Mert is dismissed from branch: Hani.
Fercan Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abakan/Abakay Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
Janbek Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lamia Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Can Alp is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
Lal Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kayansel Toker is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
Karadut Balta is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
Derem Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canperver Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamis Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch are: 32374
Canfeda Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hamaset Yigit is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
Esennur Balta is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkiz Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Itri Sari is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
Gokalp Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Karaburun branch is Füreyya Dede.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Asuman Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Insel Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Girin Aydin is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
Acem Yasar is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
Dilkeste Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haldun Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Macide Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
Jale Alp is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelincik Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiyar Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Aybars Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ece Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecevit Yasar is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
Funda Karakas is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Huri Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mayra Dag is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
Atilgan Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Asuman Guler is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
Karin Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gani Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elbek Kuru is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erendil Gunay is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
There is no such employee.
Ece Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihlamur Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deli Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erendil Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
İdil Sari is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
Asiye Sari is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
Lavin Aksu is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
Fazh Ipek is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
Layike Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch are: 31213
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahsure Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aybars Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
Macide Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
There is no such employee.
Ildiz Kocak is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Behçet Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
Halilullah Kara is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
Himmet Erturk is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Haldun Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cilvekar Kose is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Cahide Celik is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derman Gunes is dismissed from branch: Hani.
Mahbube Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hatunana Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Alara Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Efdal Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ifakat Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abakay Er is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
Başar Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Derem Dag is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
Madelet Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abbad Gul is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
Ebyar Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Basim Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihsan Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazi Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gale Ari is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
Manager of the Gudul branch is Deli Kaya.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 2044
Bozkaya Mengi is dismissed from branch: Hani.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch are: 37137
Delice Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
Havle Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadire Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canel Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Figen Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Evrensel Sarac is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
Ferhunde Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demiralp Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cankut Karahan is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
Feleytun Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
İlayda Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 1759
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fuzuli Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebyar Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Agin.
Halef Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berke Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Lİna Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jarin Cetin is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch are: 31740
Elacık Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kardelen Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
Bahiye Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
Ekmeleddin Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Eftal Erturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Alev Ipek is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Fuad Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ezgi Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 1561
Alev Gul is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilkeste Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ledeyna Mert is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
Ihvan Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Lal Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Idris Yucel is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch are: 36086
Cankut Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kucukcekmece branch is Jilda Ozturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokalp Oz is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
Mahrem Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebecen Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceydanur Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Canfeza Ari is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
Farise Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferah Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bartu Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balkiz Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
Kezban Gunay is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
Gelincik Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dilemma Ipek is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
Mahrume Demirci is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
Fahir Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgun Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 2572
Fırat Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Afet Gunay is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdurrahman Ay is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
Havin Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Derin Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berke Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
Ferdi Kocak is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Canalp Aygun is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
Melike Aygun is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Mefharet Aydin is dismissed from branch: Kale.
Ilbilge Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bakanay Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Derince Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faruk Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ertunga Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hakgüzar Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 33575
Fikrettin Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Macide Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Feridun Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokben Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadıla Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fırtına Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
Gezgin Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Mahbube Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Doğannur Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Janset Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
Balkin Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdullah Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fuzuli Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feyza Kilic is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
Fehim Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hatunana Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Gamze Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Fadile Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Diclehatun Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Beliz Toker is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
Hafize Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch are: 32717
Felit Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
Galip Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Agin.
There is no such employee.
Ertunga Seker is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
Lalin Kuru is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Afet Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Asli Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bediz Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Eğmen Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahrume Karakas is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
Acunalp Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
Jerfi Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ferda Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Agin.
Ferid Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Agin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adalar branch is Ilbilge Ozdemir.
Alara Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch this month are: 2522
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ezgi Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Layza Avci is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iris Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kamile Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Pendik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isinsoy Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hacı Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berat Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
Hazal Aslan is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
Abdal Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aynur Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Basaksehir branch is Fırat Karahan.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Konak branch is Fermani Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasibe Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jenin Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Delice Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aygen Aygun is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
Galibe Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Ferhan Gul is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
Firdevsi Aygun is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
Faide Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karadut Cicek is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
Ayla Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leman Tekin is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
Halilullah Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fariha Mert is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
Füreyya Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilkat Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mediha Aytac is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
Leylüfer Cicek is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Bahariye Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Daime Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbay Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Jalenur Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karsu Karahan is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
Lamia Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Jutenya Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 2853
Duru Karakas is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
Fikret Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hediye Aygun is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadik Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hafız Temel is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
Lavanta Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baharcan Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balkoç Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferhan Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Ebubekir Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ihya Kara is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatmanur Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cezire Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aykut Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
Açelya Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ibrahim Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Farah Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gihev Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dildan Avci is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
Edra Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasbek Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch this month are: 2955
Iyiturk Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
Etkin Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gelin Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gece Mert is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
Fuzuli Aygun is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
Latife Kocak is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Elacık Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Genc branch is Garabed Yasar.
Hakgüzar Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hatice Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Lal Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Levin Kilic is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lamiye Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ihvan Karahan is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
Cemalnur Demir is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
Canece Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ihya Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haki Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
Mahmure Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahinur Gunes is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahiye Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Leyli Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch are: 36959
Edhem Temel is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
Ferruh Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Ayberk Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 3380
Faize Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irsad Gunay is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acarbike Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Cilvekar Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ertunga Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
Behin Ari is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Ferid Bayrak.
Gezgin Aksu is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
There is no such employee.
Filizer Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Ferhunde Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Efehan Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 3437
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 4182
There is no such employee.
Hurkan Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Levzi Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebrar Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jaledar Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Esmeray Tekin is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
Gizer Demirci is dismissed from branch: Agin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gezer Ipek is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
Eser Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadife Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ishak Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Felat Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Ecehan Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edra Yigit is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
Leyli Acar is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
Abdulrezzak Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Balkin Saglam.
Fazilet Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ikram Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
Aba Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ediz Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 3671
Mahrume Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Mahru Toker is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mamure Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dirlik Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Atilgan Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdibike Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dal Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Faik Elmas is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
Mahmure Aygun is dismissed from branch: Agin.
Abakan/Abakay Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Daristan Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jerfi Sarac is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokberk Dede is dismissed from branch: Agin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilmi Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farika Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kader Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
Lerzan Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahiye Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kaila/Kayla Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gizem Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
Davud Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Kecioren branch is Faide Kara.
Benan Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fazıl Elmas is leaving from branch: Altindag.
Kamuran Kocak is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
Hanife Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karya Uzun is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
Gıyas Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Bagatur Kilic is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Jengar Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feridun Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Lavin Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceydanur Karakas is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Karya Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Loya Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
Canel Oz is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
Hafsa Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dahiye Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Daya Oz is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
Girgin Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Canipek Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Agin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canay Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazel Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
Manager of the Guzelbahce branch is Abakay Aygun.
There is no such employee.
Makbule Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
Dilferah Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
Farik Elmas is dismissed from branch: Hani.
Ajda Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Agin.
Erinç Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayla Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ceyhan Kose is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iyiturk Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Feray Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Felek Tekin is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatma Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 3073
Fenniye Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haveri Demir is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
Erensu Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
Dal Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dildar Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fuzuli Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dafne Kuru is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
Edaay Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
Ayaz Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
Kadire Demirci is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
Efdal Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Diclehatun Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kayra Taskin is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
Abgun Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Mahsure Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fenniye Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fadil Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fadik Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ihvan Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Destecan Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecmel Erturk is dismissed from branch: Pendik.
Galibe Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch are: 36406
There is no such employee.
Gazele Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatine Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahar Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
Hamit Alp is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Ekim Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Elanaz Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Bayindir branch is Berke Genc.
Manager of the Kecioren branch is Faide Kara.
Maide Elmas is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
Derince Koc is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilay Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Açelya Sari is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
Erk Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Cankat Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gelincik Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Cemresu Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Janbek Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
Ferda Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
Etkin Aslan is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
Emel Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecrin Tekin is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Hamdullah Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ertan Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fenniye Polat is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
Bangu Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Enhar Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cankat Acar is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
Mamure Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gizer Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
Bahiye Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bangu Aygun is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
Cihanay Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch this month are: 3350
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 33178
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 4812
Bakanay Kaya is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
Ibrahim Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Leyli Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceyhan Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Ilgaz Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekim Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
There is no such employee.
Karakız Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Afitap Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abdülalim Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abduş Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bozdemir Dag is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ebecen Yilmaz.
Ikan Ari is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cavlan Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Husamettin Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Eftal Erturk.
Gıyas Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ifakat Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hayal Mengi is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
Fercan Sarac is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
Erendil Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ihvan Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Afet Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hiram Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekmeleddin Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Afitap Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Idris Toker is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
Hiram Oz is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dehna Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch are: 36856
Katre Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daime Erkan is dismissed from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
Fatine Karakas is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Egezade Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokberk Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch this month are: 3002
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch are: 38149
Balkin Kilic is leaving from branch: Karabaglar.
Janset Ozen is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiyar Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Aydemir Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
Havin Acar is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Cezlan Aytac is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Mensure Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ceren Acar is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
Izgutay Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
Garabed Kuru is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Halef Ucar is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daim Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenyurt branch is Filizer Nas.
Leyli Avci is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Gaffur Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Evgin Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Fatmanur Yigit is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
Farik Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Debernuş Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Garabed Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Igdemir Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canaş Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdi Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch this month are: 4582
Hatice Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch are: 38898
Hediye Dag is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Deli Mengi is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
There is no such employee.
Hamide Temel is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
There is no such employee.
Funda Akbas is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
Faris Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadis Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dalayer Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 5671
Evrensel Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hayat Gul is dismissed from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faris Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Celile Ari is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
Fuzuli Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berat Acar is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
Deran Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Lebibe Yasar is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
Felit Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 4443
Demirezen Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haveri Yigit is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
Abdulhamit Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Damra Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
Kader Gunes is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
Balin Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
Ceren Genc is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başar Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fer Duran is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Katun Erturk is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Habide Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahbube Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
Dalsar Oz is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Acer Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isa Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hasret Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
Dündar Acar is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Loya Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aykut Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Debernuş Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilkat Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 4464
Farik Celik is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch are: 33657
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dayehatun Balta is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hekimhan branch is Hamit Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aysu Polat is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Jutenya Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Davud Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edayi Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baskın Ipek is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Ilgaz Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadil Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
Aba Kocak is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
Gıyas Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebrar Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazire Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Istemihan Taskin is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Etfal Kara is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Durul Yigit is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Etfal Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canipek Ozen is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abendam Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belgi Aydin is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Daltekin Akbas is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
Fakri Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hurol Karahan is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
Asiye Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hades Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ezgi Gunay is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
Kadife Toker is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Abdulhamit Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cansel Genc is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
Ilgar Tekin is dismissed from branch: Hani.
Behçet Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Izzettin Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Lemide Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Geray Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiser Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Felin Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Karsu Aslan is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
Aykut Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ecesoy Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fadıla Yucel is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
Durul Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fırat Kose is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
Aba Polat is leaving from branch: Gemlik.
Dehan Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fadik Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Canel Duran is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
Abdullah Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
Abdal Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Gencal Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceydanur Erkan is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
Kamer Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fecri Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Mayra Demir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aliaga branch are: 36712
There is no such employee.
Alara Taskin is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
Belgi Duran is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch are: 37142
Manager of the Basaksehir branch is Fırat Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayla Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch are: 35554
Jale Gul is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cemalnur Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sahinbey branch is Canan Ucar.
There is no such employee.
Kadife Aksoy is leaving from branch: Cankaya.
Mefharet Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
Bahir Kilic is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch are: 33800
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feleytun Erturk is leaving from branch: Agin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikri Sari is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
Maya Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Dal Kose.
Eren Genc is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Aygül Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Irsad Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 36801
Azad Karahan is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
Mahsure Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Destan Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ishak Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceren Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahiye Yigit is leaving from branch: Solhan.
Ayberk Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbilge Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch are: 34655
Manager of the Maltepe branch is Madelet Toprak.
Edra Celik is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
Havin Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
Ecehan Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch are: 35957
There is no such employee.
Elbek Demir is dismissed from branch: Agin.
Fer Sarac is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
Ezra Ari is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
Abdulhamit Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dehna Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Leylak Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Yeditepe branch are: 33061
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamile Duran is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
Hayat Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Silivri branch is Leyal Gunay.
Mahur Kara is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Gazire Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacı Aslan is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
Ilgat Er is leaving from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
Fıda Koc is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
Abbad Toker is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
Ertan Dede is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
Fecir Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilkeste Ari is leaving from branch: Karacabey.
There is no such employee.
Faden Ari is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
Dileda Ozen is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
Ilgun Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Bergen Mengi is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Abat Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 38288
There is no such employee.
Heper Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgun Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hadis Sahin is leaving from branch: Palu.
Ilgat Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Durul Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch are: 34318
There is no such employee.
Ecmel Saglam is dismissed from branch: Agin.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Aysu Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
Candan Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aysun Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kagithane branch is Abadan Arslan.
Makbule Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iyiturk Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Benan Celik is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Karmen Uzun is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Manager of the Beylikduzu branch is Esved Tasdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hikmet Dede is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
Derince Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Kale branch is Ceydasu Sarac.
Katmer Cengiz is leaving from branch: Yeditepe.
Jeyan Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebrar Toprak is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
Belemir Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Garibe Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haveri Ipek is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Ekin Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgaz Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Ikan Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feleytun Sari is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Asli Temel is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
Hasbek Aydogan is leaving from branch: Beylikduzu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eti Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 34820
There is no such employee.
Gale Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Girin Balta is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Hadis Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahrem Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Elanaz Karakas is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ediz Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leman Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanife Yasar is dismissed from branch: Pendik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Beliz Kara is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
Meserret Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Faraziye Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erk Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
Balca Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbas Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Lale Polat is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Acem Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
Ferhan Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
Abdi Yildiz is leaving from branch: Selcuk.
Arzu Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Bakirkoy branch is Afet Buyuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilhami Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gizer Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İlkben Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Ferruh Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahtiyar Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
There is no such employee.
Hacı Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hakim Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dildar Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch are: 38385
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Medar Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch are: 34551
Ferruh Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gezgin Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cenah Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamaset Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
Madelet Aytac is leaving from branch: Kagithane.
Faik Cetin is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
Irmak Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
There is no such employee.
Atilgan Saglam is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
Meral Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Acarhatun Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Acem Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farik Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Danyal Aslan is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
Mefharet Celik is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
There is no such employee.
Gizer Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bakanay Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fariha Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Damra Nas is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
Ilgun Aydin is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
Ceren Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Halim Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Gizer Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duran Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Fadik Celik is leaving from branch: Harmancik.
Jade Kara is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Dileda Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahtiser Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gece Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ihya Gul is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Manager of the Pendik branch is Dijdar Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahfer Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fikri Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kamuran Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dirim Elmas is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Idris Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Balkin Saglam.
There is no such employee.
Hacil Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Larissa Arslan is leaving from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Altindag branch is Burç Yavuz.
Egezade Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Jeyan Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haki Aktas is dismissed from branch: Pendik.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch are: 39254
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hani branch are: 38427
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berkan Yucel is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
Felin Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Cilvekar Mengi is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
Feray Kocak is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
Acarbey Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Solhan.
Abaza Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceydasu Karakas is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
Halas Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bozkaya Akpinar is leaving from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
Farise Er is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
İkbal Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ikram Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Izzettin Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Canece Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Evin Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch are: 36781
Ezra Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Hilmi Ay is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Havle Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fırat Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Karin Gunes.
There is no such employee.
İlkben Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecevit Saglam is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
Delistan Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farik Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokben Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Dildan Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsiyaka branch is Erdem Ipek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iris Kara is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
Mefharet Kara is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
Gazi Kara is leaving from branch: Harmancik.
Bakinaz Karakas is leaving from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
Germa Dagdelen is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilaver Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Idris Duran is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
Celvetiye Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
Fatine Oz is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Faize Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eylem Kara is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
Canela Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İlke Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karsel Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
There is no such employee.
Gokberk Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abbase Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bakiye Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Firdevsi Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habil Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Erna Kaya is leaving from branch: Hekimhan.
Manager of the Doganyol branch is Fenni Ekinci.
Dirok Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanedan Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Alara Er is leaving from branch: Karacabey.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Aybars Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbay Kaya is dismissed from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
İffet Sarac is leaving from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
Gorani Karakas is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacer Ari is leaving from branch: Gemlik.
Janseli Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahrur Aslan is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
Efdal Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Duran Tekin is leaving from branch: Palu.
Ildir Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
Filinta Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berkan Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elanaz Gunes is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
Elmira Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalayer Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayla Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulhamit Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
There is no such employee.
Mesudane Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dirok Senol is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
Keriman Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
Abdurrahman Duran is leaving from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Lavin Tuncer.
Mahinur Saglam is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
Ikan Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Balkin Saglam.
There is no such employee.
Fakri Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balkoç Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ganime Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceren Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
Habib Erkan is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Cannur Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Merzuka Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Daltekin Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Badem Elmas is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Diclehatun Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
Ilbey Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Duman Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Evin Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ihvan Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eti Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gayret Erturk is dismissed from branch: Konak.
Ayhan Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdulhamit Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Levin Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cenah Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Caneda Aydin is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
Eren Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karmen Alkan is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihya Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Madelet Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ferid Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haktan Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bangu Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belen Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abduş Kuru is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
Kadife Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Latife Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
Bahanur Taskin is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
Karin Kucuk is leaving from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
Başak Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Eğilmez Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Germa Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hayriye Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
Eti Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gudul branch is Deli Kaya.
Darin Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kaymak Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Jalenur Aytac is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
Dalan Acar is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
Hanzala Alkan is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
Manager of the Esenyurt branch is Filizer Nas.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Alara Cicek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abgun Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
Hurol Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Girgin Erkan is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Acunalp Erkan is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elanaz Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menderes branch is Mahmude Alp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalım Kaya is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
Aysu Aksu is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Manager of the Bayindir branch is Berke Genc.
Gizer Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
Bilal Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Haveri Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
Darcan Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebyar Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fazıl Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhan Ari is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
Baharnaz Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Harika Aksu is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
Badem Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
Eylem Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abendam Toprak is leaving from branch: Silivri.
Huseyin Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mecide Genc is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
Gaffar Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
Funda Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
Hadim Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ferid Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Genc.
Manager of the Karaburun branch is Füreyya Dede.
Fatine Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Agin.
Lara Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karmen Gunes is leaving from branch: Aliaga.
Kalender Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edahses Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derya Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eylem Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leyla Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Maide Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
Edayi Kaya is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
Farah Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Feleytun Erkan.
There is no such employee.
Insel Yasar is leaving from branch: Avcilar.
Gezgin Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Eti Seker is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Ibrahim Nas is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
There is no such employee.
Gencaslan Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ibrahim Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Dalan Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch are: 40238
Birmen Polat is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Izzettin Aksoy.
Ceydanur Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belgi Karahan is dismissed from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
Iris Demirci is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
Kevser Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derince Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ihya Gunay is leaving from branch: Maltepe.
Manager of the Evren branch is Insel Yildiran.
Aygen Taskin is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
Farise Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Ertunga Erturk is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
Manager of the Camlidere branch is Habibullah Yasar.
There is no such employee.
Firdevsi Ipek is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
Ebrar Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenyurt branch is Filizer Nas.
There is no such employee.
Bahir Seker is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
Filinta Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hakverdi Ipek is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
Ebyar Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Jutenya Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Iknat Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haluk Aygun is dismissed from branch: Pendik.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Dalan Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hulki Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Jefi Aslan is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Leylak Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgaz Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fena Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canfeza Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbad Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Lİna Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilfiruz Nas is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Ezra Yilmaz.
Abdullah Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Aborkar Erkan is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Farik Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Daristan Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erensu Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Fadile Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Damla Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kısmet Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Janbek Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Beliz Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Elvan Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahinur Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hadim Yucel is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch are: 40632
Esved Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ergin Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
Mahrem Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Ihya Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dildan Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hurel Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Filiz Kaya is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Cahide Demir is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch are: 34159
Mediha Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ebecen Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch are: 43613
Fırtına Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lerze Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İkbal Aydemir is leaving from branch: Genc.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Kayra Tasdemir.
Levzi Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Hulusi Sahiner.
Layza Demirci is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
Manager of the Camlidere branch is Habibullah Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiyar Gunay is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch are: 40745
Efdal Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İkbal Gunay is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Ferhat Karakas.
There is no such employee.
Faraziye Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hulki Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Handan Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Heper Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahfer Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fakirullah Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahbube Yigit is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Canan Gunes is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
Başak Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Aysu Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aytekin Duran is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Destecan Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dehan Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lema Gunes is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Doğannur Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
Irak Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Canfeda Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
İlayda Karahan is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
Ferhunde Aygun is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
Manager of the Silivri branch is Leyal Gunay.
Merzuka Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lerzan Toprak is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
There is no such employee.
Demir Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Karaburun branch is Füreyya Dede.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İlke Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiser Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berat Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Edaay Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gazel Genc.
Erhan Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Pendik.
İdil Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ikan Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Cansel Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch are: 41118
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hayal Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecehan Gunes is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Hamdullah Gunay is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Cihanay Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Eftal Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eğilmez Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Hani.
Demirbilek Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
Alara Kara is leaving from branch: Menderes.
There is no such employee.
Alev Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Katre Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aber Celik is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Ebrar Ipek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İlayda Celik is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
Ecehan Polat is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
Leylan Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Ezra Yilmaz.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Ekim Toker.
Darin Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Bakanay Aksu is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch are: 40905
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakan Gunes is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Afet Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kısmet Nas is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Ezra Yilmaz.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Karin Gunes.
There is no such employee.
Fermani Karahan is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Açelya Yucel is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdurrahman Aslan is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebed Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Feleytun Erkan.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch are: 43153
Aytunç Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ihya Aksu is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
Katre Acar is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
Eceseren Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Badem Tekin is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Hamide Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Yeditepe branch is Efehan Kaya.
Hafız Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karanfil Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Etkin Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fermani Uzun is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacı Seker is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch are: 39701
Esennur Aydin is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
Hasret Ari is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Irsad Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavinya Aktas is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
Abuşka Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cezmiye Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fırat Toker is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
Iknat Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Jergar Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fecir Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fehim Guler is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
Merze Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Ferid Bayrak.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch are: 40433
Derya Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayberk Elmas is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
Merze Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Meserret Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Adalan Dede is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
Habibullah Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abbas Toker is dismissed from branch: Kale.
Katun Uzun is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aborkar Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dündar Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Lamiha Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Firuze Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hilal Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
Hediye Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Adalar branch is Ilbilge Ozdemir.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Dalan Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Burak Avci is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Isinsoy Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faden Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
Halilullah Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mayra Dede is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Leman Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gayret Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Afet Kilic is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
Ayberk Yigit is leaving from branch: Beydag.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Lavin Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
Ceydanur Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aybars Karakas is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Doğannur Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
Benay Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karanfil Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fikret Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Kafiye Mert is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irmak Aktas is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
Merze Seker is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
There is no such employee.
Gencaslan Sari is leaving from branch: Bakirkoy.
Jaledar Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avanos branch is Ferdi Aydogan.
Hazan Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Keriman Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Kafiye Gunes is leaving from branch: Agin.
Egezade Kilic is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
There is no such employee.
Derman Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Geray Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baharcan Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
Ecebay Yavuz is leaving from branch: Urgup.
Izgutay Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Isinsoy Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gencaslan Arslan is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakan Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Jerfi Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
Dafne Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hayal Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aydonat Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Aysu Yildirim.
Hades Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karanfil Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acarbey Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dahiye Nas is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch are: 36887
Derem Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Farise Kose is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
Ergin Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iyiturk Kocak is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
Acunalp Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Emetullah Ucar is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
Fikri Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gayret Ay is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Lavin Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cemalnur Kilic is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
There is no such employee.
Mahrume Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Meriç Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebrar Avci is leaving from branch: Esenler.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Mayra Demir.
Ediz Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ersevim Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
Hadice Sari is dismissed from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hale Yucel is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
Ebrar Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
Hiram Kose is leaving from branch: Harmancik.
There is no such employee.
Demirezen Dag is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jaledar Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahiye Yasar is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
There is no such employee.
Başar Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bakanay Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Celile Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baldemir Erturk is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
There is no such employee.
Bozdemir Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Açelya Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edhem Taskin is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jerfi Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dayehatun Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fariha Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hacı Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yeditepe branch are: 36153
Ajda Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecem Dag is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
Birmen Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
Adalan Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hikmet Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farise Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Lavin Tuncer.
Ihlamur Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
Abbad Erkan is leaving from branch: Sancaktepe.
Mahmure Seker is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Irsat Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch are: 42446
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Doganyol branch is Fenni Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Gizer Aydemir.
Manager of the Bayindir branch is Berke Genc.
There is no such employee.
Dafne Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Haldun Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Atilla Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch are: 41824
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Gizer Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lemide Gunes is leaving from branch: Odemis.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch are: 36647
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canhanım Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch are: 40530
İkbal Tekin is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Damra Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ildir Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mefharet Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Acarbike Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abaza Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahizar Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gewez Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hadim Avci is leaving from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Handan Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayindir branch are: 40416
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isinsoy Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch are: 34980
There is no such employee.
Eftal Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faris Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Afitap Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
Damla Sari is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
Aytekin Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Demir Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ferah Demir is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
Gayret Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
There is no such employee.
Beliz Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch are: 45145
There is no such employee.
Elacık Uzun is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
Garibe Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Hulusi Sahiner.
Hatice Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Debernuş Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ikan Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch are: 37013
There is no such employee.
Gece Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgaz Uzun is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Felit Gunes is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Burak Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lerze Dag is leaving from branch: Bismil.
Bergen Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fazil Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceydacan Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irak Tekin is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
Ildem Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gelincik Duran is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
Bangu Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
Ecegül Polat is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
Gani Elmas is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
Etfal Er is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isfendiyar Kaya is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
Irtek Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dehan Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kahya Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Duran Arslan is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
Mecide Dag is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iyiturk Aktas is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Fadime Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kezban Alkan is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Alara Cicek.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch are: 45338
Ebrak Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilferah Demirci is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Aba Aytac is promoted from Cook to Manager.
İkbal Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Giram Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdülalim Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdoğan Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferid Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kamelya Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abdurrahman Dag is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
Afet Temel is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
Dilaver Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekim Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
Larissa Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gizem Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Hamit Ozdemir is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
Ilbilge Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fitnat Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
Giram Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faysal Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erinç Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
Fecir Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Afet Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ejder Polat is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
Karya Senol is leaving from branch: Karaburun.
Fakihe Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sahinbey branch is Canan Ucar.
There is no such employee.
Edayi Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Izzettin Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhunde Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Efdal Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
Ferhan Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakay Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
Ayfer Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canhanım Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Hani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faize Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Itri Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceydanur Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dirlik Elmas is leaving from branch: Zeytinburnu.
Faik Akbas is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Dayahatun Kuru is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
Fahrettin Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Beylikduzu branch is Esved Tasdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duran Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Fakirullah Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Dalan Yildiz.
Manager of the Genc branch is Garabed Yasar.
Gizem Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hani branch is Levin Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İkbal Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulhamit Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Basim Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Kale.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch are: 38403
Göçmen Demirci is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
Göçer Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahamra Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Erensu Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Başak Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fazil Oz is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
There is no such employee.
Larissa Dede is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Medar Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceren Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Fakihe Aksoy is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
Elvan Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazel Aktas is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
There is no such employee.
Ferzin Bayrak is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Katre Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Birol Ozen is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
Isa Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acer Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Agin.
Manager of the Guzelbahce branch is Abakay Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lalin Oz is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
Afet Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Cankut Avci.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch are: 39527
Doruk Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazilet Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jalenur Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isinsoy Sahiner is leaving from branch: Aliaga.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch are: 38637
Katun Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Egezade Gunay is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
Galip Akbas is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
Celile Mengi is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Etkin Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ibrahim Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duran Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hacer Yasar is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derya Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gece Toker is leaving from branch: Fatih.
Ediz Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lerzan Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylak Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Lamia Toker is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
Lebriz Mengi is leaving from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dündar Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kezban Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edayi Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Duru Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Jeyan Dede is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gaffar Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Etkin Senol is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiyar Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
There is no such employee.
Bahir Aktas is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
Erdem Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
Fercan Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Manager of the Gudul branch is Deli Kaya.
There is no such employee.
Elmira Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mesudane Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahinur Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
Fıda Taskin is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
Karya Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Germa Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hejmar Avci is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Fehim Yuksel is leaving from branch: Karsel.
Mahmude Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fermande Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Firuz Erkan is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
There is no such employee.
Mediha Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delfin Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lİla Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Harmancik branch is Evin Arslan.
There is no such employee.
Deryanur Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bala Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Edayi Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dirok Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
Kamile Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Figen Kose is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
Başak Aslan is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
Manager of the Guzelbahce branch is Abakay Aygun.
There is no such employee.
Leylan Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Baldemir Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebubekir Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 657
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalya Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylifer Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mefharet Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abdurrahman Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bangu Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Arzu Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Letafet Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kısmet Cicek is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Lavin Tuncer.
Jutenya Aydin is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
There is no such employee.
Balkin Toker is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Firuze Cetin.
Aydonat Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
Kadriye Erturk is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eğmen Aktas is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Bera Tekin is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Funda Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Felin Aksu is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
Dalsar Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aybars Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
Ilgar Temel is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Adile Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Inanna Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Danyal Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahru Aygun is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
Ecevit Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Mecide Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Altindag branch this month are: 524
There is no such employee.
Leyal Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Husamettin Ay is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berkay Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balkiz Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazele Erturk is leaving from branch: Siteler.
Erdoğan Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahfer Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
Maide Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ayberk Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahise Cebeci is leaving from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halef Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cannur Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fazilet Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
Aynur Yucel is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
Ganimet Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Gediz Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Felit Mert is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Isa Sarac is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gamze Gul is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Manager of the Basaksehir branch is Fırat Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Alara Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Husamettin Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bakirkoy branch this month are: 424
There is no such employee.
Erdoğan Kose is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch this month are: 1500
There is no such employee.
Acarhatun Erkan is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Jarin Aksu is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Ergin Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erna Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Katre Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dayehatun Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
Enhar Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
Edayi Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Katre Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
Asli Kara is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 764
Cavide Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
Ferid Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Burç Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
Canal Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Candan Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hayal Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canel Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 497
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aynur Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
Etfal Celik is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Levin Kose is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Izzettin Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Ledeyna Karahan is promoted from Cook to Manager.
Gelenay Seker is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Demiralp Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habide Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Damra Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
Halide Aktas is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
Dalım Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edra Demir is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahperi Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Filizer Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Efdal Senol is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbase Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Cezmiye Yigit is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 1457
There is no such employee.
Demirbilek Uzun is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Destan Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aybars Ceylan is leaving from branch: Baskil.
Hüdaverdi Ari is promoted from Cook to Manager.
There is no such employee.
Ihvan Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 782
Manager of the Aricak branch is Ebyar Dede.
Dalince Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balin Erkan is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Abdal Duran is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leman Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jale Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
Dafne Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayfer Aslan is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
Hafize Senol is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huray Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 872
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 670
İffet Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hakgüzar Aydin is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
Badem Uzun is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Benan Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Birol Aytac is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebubekir Karakas is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
Füreyya Nas is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Damra Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Husam Ozen is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
Hurel Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Girin Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fevzi Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Emel Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Erdibike Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
Daya Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
Ferid Balta is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 1578
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lİla Gunes is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
Cezire Kilicarslan is leaving from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihlamur Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Genc.
Devrim Alkan is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 2193
Fezai Toprak is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 1221
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalan Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 1221
There is no such employee.
Ayberk Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hazan Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bahir Aydin is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
There is no such employee.
Dilbirin Uzun is dismissed from branch: Kale.
Can Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
Ilgar Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 1279
There is no such employee.
Delistan Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
There is no such employee.
Baha Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Meral Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Mesudane Yuksel is leaving from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
Barut Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bahriye Ay is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Kayla Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahmude Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
Baldemir Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hades Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Emel Kilic is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
Ilbay Aktas is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
There is no such employee.
Mecide Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavanta Senol is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aber Mert is leaving from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
Ilkcan Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Balkiz Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahrem Alkan is leaving from branch: Cankaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Maya Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Aba Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
Ihvan Ucar is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Alara Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahiye Kose is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayvaz Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ganime Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
Enhar Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Ferid Bayrak.
Letafet Dag is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
There is no such employee.
Ilbilge Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Aykut Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erkinay Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farik Sarac is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aysu Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahur Korkmaz is leaving from branch: Palu.
Dilfigar Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jade Ucar is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
Hades Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feyzullah Er is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
Arzu Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
Gizmen Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ihvan Avci is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
Meriç Aydemir is leaving from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
Demir Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
Hanife Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kafiye Cicek is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
Manager of the Baglar branch is Feridun Aksu.
There is no such employee.
Ganime Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Pendik.
Ecevit Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
Bakinaz Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canan Kaya is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Havva Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abay Toprak is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
There is no such employee.
Leyla Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gedik Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edaay Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jiyan Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 1692
Meserret Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Jarin Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berkan Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ferahfeza Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Meriç Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Cezlan Guler is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecenaz Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Meral Acar is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
Hadra Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haki Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Fikrettin Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
Dilfigar Kara is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gavsi Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aytunç Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Ekim Toker.
Hafsa Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 2121
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Basaksehir branch is Fırat Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fuzuli Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadile Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irtek Yildiz is leaving from branch: Siteler.
Makbule Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Gudul.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ganime Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canay Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Edra Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abgun Cetin is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
Ledeyna Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch this month are: 1912
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faide Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mayra Cicek is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Harika Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
Cansel Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
Hilkat Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kecioren branch this month are: 1673
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Etkin Ozen is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Janset Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beylikduzu branch is Esved Tasdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hekimhan branch is Hamit Duran.
There is no such employee.
Efdal Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Halim Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abat Seker is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Delistan Uzun is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dafne Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Esved Yucel is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demirbilek Toprak is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Dalya Kilic is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Karsel Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hattat Genc is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch this month are: 3265
There is no such employee.
Havle Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ilgat Yigit is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
Jiyan Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fuzuli Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Itri Genc is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
Hadice Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Alara Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Heper Alp is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
Fuzuli Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Diba Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haki Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Insel Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
Leyli Dede is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Egealp Kocaman is leaving from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dorukhan Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dünya Akbas is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
Leylüfer Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edayi Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdurrahman Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Mesudane Erkan is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
Karen Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Derince Genc is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 1406
Bahtiser Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalan Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 1743
Cilvekar Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demirezen Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayberk Cicek is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdi Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cavide Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iraz Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
Mahbube Aktas is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceyhan Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iras Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kayra Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İkbal Genc is leaving from branch: Islahiye.
Danyal Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ediz Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
İlkben Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gilyas Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Celile Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Behçet Sarac is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 2443
Açelya Karahan is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
Erensu Mengi is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
Efdal Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hurol Gunes is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
Kaniye Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Avanos branch this month are: 2421
Hilal Kaya is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Manager of the Kinik branch is Mahrur Yildirim.
Delice Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fariha Aygun is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Leyli Acar is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Etfal Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Firuz Sari is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazel Ipek is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bakinaz Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Faysal Ucar is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
There is no such employee.
Kadife Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilfiruz Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazil Ay is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch this month are: 3207
Leylifer Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Davud Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edayi Genc is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
There is no such employee.
Fakirullah Gunay is leaving from branch: Hekimhan.
Haktan Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acarbike Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fırat Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bala Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aylin Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Efehan Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
Canipek Genc is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başak Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch are: 38302
There is no such employee.
Belemir Kaya is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Hilkat Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dildan Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Barut Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eceseren Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Firuze Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
Ayvaz Er is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iknat Kara is dismissed from branch: Agin.
Isinkan Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Iknat Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayberk Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Caneda Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch this month are: 2571
Hidayet Sari is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Halim Kara is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Halilullah Kaya is leaving from branch: Kecioren.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 1805
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aylin Senol is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Ledeyna Karahan.
Manager of the Genc branch is Garabed Yasar.
Eser Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Garabed Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Makber Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Inanna Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ledeyna Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bahamra Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdibike Akbas is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
Bagatur Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haktan Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Jalenur Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fermani Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
Ebrar Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
Delal Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Hekimhan branch is Hamit Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jilda Celik is leaving from branch: Islahiye.
There is no such employee.
Fenniye Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayansel Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Maya Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
Madelet Mengi is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
Gencaslan Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbilge Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdi Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch this month are: 4296
There is no such employee.
Kadire Demir is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
Fezai Celik is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Altindag branch this month are: 3270
There is no such employee.
Hacer Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dayahatun Erkan is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Germa Gunay is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
Canfeza Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilferah Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berkay Demir is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
Deryab Aytac is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch are: 45799
There is no such employee.
Ferzin Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Beha Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karanfil Balta is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Insel Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gedik Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 3611
There is no such employee.
Makber Elmas is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
There is no such employee.
Leylifer Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lerzan Kose is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habide Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fidan Dag is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Canela Alkan is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
Abdal Gul is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Abdulhamit Polat is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aygen Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
Janbek Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İlkben Duran is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
Bartu Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
Ilaydin Duran is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
Ajda Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Aybars Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ferah Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fariha Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gedik Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abadan Seker is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
Belen Genc is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Delice Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceyhan Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Halim Yucel is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Damla Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Altindag branch this month are: 3662
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 3339
There is no such employee.
Bahtiser Yigit is leaving from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jade Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irmak Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Felat Kocak is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
Geray Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayansel Karakas is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
Göçer Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Huray Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Atilla Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gizer Aydin is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hayal Gunay is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
Hacer Gunes is leaving from branch: Gaziemir.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 3157
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 2613
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gizer Ipek is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karacabey branch is Izgutay Aktas.
Cansel Yigit is dismissed from branch: Kale.
Faika Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Pendik.
There is no such employee.
Jalenur Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Burç Erturk is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
Bahiye Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
Alara Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch this month are: 3432
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Azad Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isa Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Faika Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farika Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Irtek Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duru Dag is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
Abakan/Abakay Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Larasu Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erksin Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Beliz Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Afitap Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
Hadra Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aybars Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceren Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 4362
Hale Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
Manager of the Kale branch is Ceydasu Sarac.
Ilbilge Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fakri Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
Darin Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Esenler.
Daime Sari is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Hafız Saglam.
There is no such employee.
Erdoğan Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
Eylem Yasar is leaving from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazel Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Melodi Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Başağa Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
İlayda Kilic is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
Jarin Yigit is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
Ediz Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eylem Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Damla Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balin Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 4188
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fakri Kara is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
Hanedan Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jaledar Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berat Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Delice Avci is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokben Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Berk Tekin is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Faris Toker is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
Kamuran Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edhem Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
There is no such employee.
Mahibe Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Efdal Arslan is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
Ferahfeza Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duran Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Janset Gunay is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
Memduha Ay is leaving from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
Ajda Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Cavide Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karen Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Acer Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ermiye Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fer Guler is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
Candan Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 3900
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecesoy Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceren Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Hani.
Feray Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Erdoğan Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başar Aksu is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
Ayvaz Gunes is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Göçer Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Lerzan Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokben Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canel Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mefharet Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gizer Yasar is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
Esmeray Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Erhan Gunay is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamuran Bayrak is leaving from branch: Selcuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilhami Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Ilci Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
Abdal Sari is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Ilbey Cetin is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
Deryab Alkan is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch this month are: 4917
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Altindag branch is Burç Yavuz.
Hafize Polat is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Huray Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belgi Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Memduha Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dilfeza Kaya is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belgi Kose is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
Davud Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
Bartu Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahbube Kuru is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Fakirullah Aksu is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Germa Avci is dismissed from branch: Kale.
Baharnaz Er is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
Bediz Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gencal Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Alara Cicek.
Aydonat Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Ekim Toker.
İkbal Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Keriman Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulrezzak Er is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch this month are: 4537
Adalan Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irsad Aydin is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch this month are: 4280
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch this month are: 4133
Ayfer Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Hafız Demir.
There is no such employee.
Gezgin Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Havva Temel is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiser Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kardelen Aydin is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
Can Arslan is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Dildan Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dündar Ozturk is leaving from branch: Odemis.
Can Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fer Yucel is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
Dirlik Polat is leaving from branch: Kagithane.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch this month are: 4644
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Loya Sahin is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
Baskın Avci is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch this month are: 5472
Ayberk Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başak Acar is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
Gokben Elmas is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecmel Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
Hursit Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Baskın Senol is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
Erdoğan Kara is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
Ebubekir Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Lerze Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jade Balta is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
Gokay Aydin is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
Ayhan Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
There is no such employee.
Janset Temel is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
Dalbaş Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulkadir Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gıyas Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 5018
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yeditepe branch is Efehan Kaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazal Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fercan Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deha Gunes is dismissed from branch: Hani.
Gizmen Taskin is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Esved Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Debernuş Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fıda Yucel is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iraz Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Lİna Avci is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Gıyas Oz is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kecioren branch is Faide Kara.
Belen Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Devrim Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahiye Demir is dismissed from branch: Konak.
Mahmure Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 5440
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derince Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
Izzettin Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aziz Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Daltekin Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
Iraz Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jeyan Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Levzi Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canel Polat is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Dehan Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bergen Yasar is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
Afitap Mengi is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eceseren Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Egealp Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fadik Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch are: 51537
Larissa Avci is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch are: 47646
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebrak Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fermande Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ersevim Demir is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Ferhat Karakas.
Bala Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Kinik.
Daristan Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch are: 45240
İkbal Acar is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isinkan Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceydasu Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahibe Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ecehan Cicek is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
Dünya Kucuk is leaving from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
Ecrin Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Evrensel Avci is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch are: 45079
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duru Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadime Ozen is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
Manager of the Silivri branch is Leyal Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilemma Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Makber Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Melike Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Hulusi Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abad Gunay is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Manager of the Bayindir branch is Berke Genc.
Fakihe Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
Balin Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Behin Koc is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bera Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Esennur Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ilgi Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Afitap Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgun Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
İlke Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berke Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatoş Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fahrettin Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
Himmet Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fehim Toprak is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilci Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
Celile Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch are: 46411
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch are: 49394
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Ferhat Karakas.
Bakanay Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Agin.
Egezade Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Hurkan Tekin is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Hilkat Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iras Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hekimhan branch is Hamit Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demirezen Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyan Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kavin Kocak is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
Gelenay Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irtek Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Mahrur Seker is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
There is no such employee.
Elmira Aksu is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Fatih Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
Merzuka Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lemide Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acarbey Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Katre Kocaman.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Hulusi Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacı Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch are: 43772
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gıyas Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ira Aygun is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fakri Guler is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Lavinya Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Gezer Aygun is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
Ecegül Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Alara Polat is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fehim Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bediz Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hazal Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iras Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilci Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecrin Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadil Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahir Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gencaslan Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatma Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menderes branch is Mahmude Alp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isinsoy Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fatmanur Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Asuman Acar is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Deha Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jaledar Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Hanife Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilkat Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
Total bonuses for the Avanos branch are: 44376
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch are: 46251
There is no such employee.
Abad Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abadın Cicek is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faraziye Taskin is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
Afet Sahin is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Manager of the Avanos branch is Ferdi Aydogan.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch are: 42755
Damla Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Pendik.
Bahar Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceyhan Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jengar Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Cilvekar Cicek is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Candan Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch are: 47563
Berkay Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavin Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Diba Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faden Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch are: 48841
Ecrin Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kaila/Kayla Akbas is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Aytekin Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ermiye Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Etkin Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lebibe Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch are: 41120
Cavide Alkan is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
There is no such employee.
Bahise Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ledeyna Karahan is leaving from branch: Beydag.
Abak Celik is promoted from Cook to Manager.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch are: 47395
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Hüdaverdi Ari.
There is no such employee.
Abgun Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abbase Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
Gencal Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
Karin Elmas is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Mensure Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
Jilda Gul is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazele Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fekahet Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalan Alp is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aba Acar is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berke Sarac is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazal Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Felin Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazilet Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Hanedan Yasar is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch are: 50915
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aliaga branch are: 49575
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch are: 44206
Hattat Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Meserret Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feyzullah Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Keriman Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aysun Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Eftal Erturk.
Total bonuses for the Avanos branch are: 44376
Devrim Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadil Akbas is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
Total bonuses for the Esenyurt branch are: 49512
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Gizer Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dorukhan Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demiralp Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Efehan Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eylem Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Janset Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Abay Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
Gelenay Sarac is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylan Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faide Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Esved Taskin is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekin Gunay is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Garabed Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jilda Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgi Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
Kamuran Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Pendik.
Gani Er is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
Leyli Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Adalan Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Larissa Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Idris Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Jarin Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
Hanife Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aliaga branch are: 49655
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faraziye Acar is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
Fecri Yigit is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
Cankat Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canhanım Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayhan Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hizir Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Evren branch is Insel Yildiran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belen Koc is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derman Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Huri Elmas is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
Demiralp Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fezai Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ildir Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Atilla Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
Ferah Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Birol Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karin Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasbek Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jaledar Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
There is no such employee.
Mefharet Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ledeyna Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Faden Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Cankut Avci.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch are: 45532
There is no such employee.
Iyiturk Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Ilbas Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbey Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bilal Ipek is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayindir branch is Berke Genc.
Ilbas Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mesudane Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilaver Polat is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch are: 47427
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Izzettin Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Baharnaz Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayansel Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Agin branch is Alev Kilicaslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aybars Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hayriye Senol is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
Karin Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Kalender Kara is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
Asli Sari is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
Dilferah Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahur Dag is leaving from branch: Bakirkoy.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch are: 46244
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyan Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baharcan Mengi is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Lerze Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feyza Gul is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Abbase Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fena Gunes is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
Dilemma Alkan is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hurol Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dayahatun Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Diclehatun Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahrume Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch are: 45254
There is no such employee.
Gelincik Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berkay Acar is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Firdevsi Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hafsa Aslan is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Firdevsi Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Banu Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
Hidayet Polat is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
Gazi Arslan is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
Kadire Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalan Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Habib Ipek is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
Aba Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baharnaz Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abakay Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
Manager of the Kale branch is Ceydasu Sarac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Adile Cicek is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
Fermande Nas is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakan/Abakay Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahise Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hattat Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
Manager of the Altindag branch is Burç Yavuz.
There is no such employee.
Mecide Arslan is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
Ceyhan Aydemir is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avanos branch is Ferdi Aydogan.
Ebrar Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faris Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch are: 48626
There is no such employee.
Gogen Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edebali Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erkinay Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Delice Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Hamaset Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Keriman Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
Fatma Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ejder Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Ilhami Seker is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Egealp Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Evren branch is Insel Yildiran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecrin Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bergen Kose is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
Cankut Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilhami Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Basim Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Erdem Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hursit Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Total bonuses for the Hani branch are: 49555
There is no such employee.
Haluk Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakay Kaya is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
Deran Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Husamettin Nas is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch are: 49324
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Dildan Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyan Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahir Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aber Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Esmeray Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Kahya Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gamze Kocak is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
Alev Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakikat Aktas is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
Filizer Dag is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
Letafet Kaya is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
İffet Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
Hadis Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayla Aygun is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkin Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Guzelbahce branch is Abakay Aygun.
Farise Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hayal Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başar Mengi is dismissed from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
Celvetiye Dag is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch are: 49932
Cemresu Guler is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
Aborkar Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dündar Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Acunalp Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahinur Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
Fırat Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch are: 51114
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daristan Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayindir branch is Berke Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Asiye Aygun is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İkbal Gunay is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
Gezer Erkan is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gizmen Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gediz Saglam is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
Fulya Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
Manager of the Doganyol branch is Fenni Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalayer Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Faraziye Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canece Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Canalp Aygun is dismissed from branch: Agin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Memduha Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Latife Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bediz Aksu is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
Fidan Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Merzuka Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canhanım Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokay Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fatma Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ihlamur Kara is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch are: 51270
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dirim Ozen is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Celvetiye Erkan is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch are: 54409
There is no such employee.
Hamis Nas is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Halilullah Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fırtına Erkan is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Adalet Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Asli Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch are: 45564
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fehim Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dal Karakas is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
Kardan Cetin is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilkcan Dede is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Irsad Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ishak Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
Afitap Er is leaving from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahrur Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bagatur Kuru is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
Haktan Seker is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Fırat Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Manager of the Karsiyaka branch is Erdem Ipek.
Fahrettin Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habibullah Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Hani.
Ecevit Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Mahrume Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavinya Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamide Cicek is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Hanife Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Furkan Ipek is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahfer Aksoy is leaving from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Caneda Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 3683
There is no such employee.
Ferhat Ipek is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Giram Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Hadra Polat is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
Felat Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecevit Nas is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekim Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başağa Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceyhan Mengi is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebrar Sahin is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
Gece Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fakri Guler is leaving from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
Fermani Sahin is dismissed from branch: Kale.
Ilgar Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
Huray Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
Fitnat Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
Mahru Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Pendik.
There is no such employee.
Adile Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avanos branch are: 46855
There is no such employee.
Felat Kocak is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch are: 49365
There is no such employee.
Canece Balta is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
There is no such employee.
Feyza Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch are: 52095
There is no such employee.
Bahar Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Can Balta is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gazel Genc.
Esved Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kamuran Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Beliz Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ilhami Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gamze Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fariha Arslan is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
Ejder Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lebibe Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
There is no such employee.
Aysun Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
Jasmin Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
Irmak Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikrettin Cicek is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
Fitnat Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihsan Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bakanay Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gamze Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
Hanzala Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baharcan Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acarbike Balta is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
Diclehatun Alkan is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch are: 47548
Fezai Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Karsu Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gazel Genc.
Abad Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Dildan Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalım Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdurrahman Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Füreyya Mert is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilay Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdulkadir Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abat Ay is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
Lerze Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacil Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
Dahiye Ari is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecesoy Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Geray Yucel is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenyurt branch are: 51787
Faraziye Ucar is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadil Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Girgin Akbas is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Atilgan Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamit Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gezgin Arslan is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
Firdevsi Koc is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
Haktan Er is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
Cenah Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
Mamure Demirci is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Irsad Yilmazer.
Eti Seker is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Faize Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gedik Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
Fikri Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
Ayfer Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Bakiye Arslan is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
Benan Guler is dismissed from branch: Pendik.
Elacık Toprak is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
Mesudane Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başar Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch are: 48011
There is no such employee.
Hasbek Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dalan Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
Kardem Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aydemir Nas is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Levin Arslan is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Mefharet Demir is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
Kardem Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
Abdal Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecmel Nas is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokay Arslan is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deli Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
Gaffar Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Haveri Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecenaz Gunay is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamis Karahan is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balca Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Kale.
Gezer Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hidayet Kocak is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Galibe Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gıyas Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Janseli Cicek is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
Fakri Aktas is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Banu Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
Kardem Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
Daime Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Ezra Yilmaz.
Ece Toker is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
Mecide Temel is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Durul Celik is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazel Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
Edayi Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
Dirim Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aysun Yigit is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch are: 51831
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadik Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahise Aktas is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyan Alkan is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch are: 48065
There is no such employee.
Gayret Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilaver Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylan Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
There is no such employee.
Faris Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halilullah Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fecri Oz is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakay Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Dildan Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilsafa Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
Fezai Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
Ertan Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebecen Cicek is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
There is no such employee.
Beliz Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
Asuman Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Kale.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch are: 49534
Ilgun Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch are: 52772
There is no such employee.
Acem Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Birsoy Erkan is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
Medar Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch are: 55160
Letafet Toker is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch are: 48397
Dileda Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erendiz Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faruk Elmas is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch are: 49574
There is no such employee.
Mahfer Kuru is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
Ebrar Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
Ihvan Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgaz Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mediha Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karakız Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahinur Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Derman Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
Deran Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Agin branch is Alev Kilicaslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Faize Taskin.
İffet Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Darcan Arslan is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
There is no such employee.
Hadim Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erkut Gunay is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Birol Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
Erinç Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berke Duran is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
Acunalp Temel is leaving from branch: Esenyurt.
Hanife Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hiram Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İlkben Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Lebriz Celik is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahamra Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
Hincal Polat is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecem Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elmira Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İdil Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jeyan Er is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
Inanna Yucel is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
There is no such employee.
Gokberk Mert is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Abbad Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Filinta Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fırtına Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Hani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ikram Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cansel Aytac is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derman Dag is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
Ekber Senol is dismissed from branch: Hani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahir Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Durukan Guler is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Ecmel Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hulusi Er is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jinsal Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekin Kose is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
Hatunana Demir is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilham Kuru is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 49514
There is no such employee.
Lale Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abdulhamit Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahmure Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
Balin Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Abakan/Abakay Ozen.
Mahperi Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Ezra Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fer Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadife Elmas is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgaz Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hursit Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdullah Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farika Saglam is leaving from branch: Camlidere.
Jengar Seker is dismissed from branch: Agin.
Eğilmez Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Feridun Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jehat Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Aysu Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Donat Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayfer Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aysun Yucel is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kader Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Laylank Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
Hadis Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Arzu Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
Abadın Yucel is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
Fena Kaya is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
Birmen Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Evin Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
Kayansel Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ihsan Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fena Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecehan Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haldun Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eser Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Başar Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Evin Uzun is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Ebrar Kuru is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Fidan Koc is dismissed from branch: Kale.
Cihanay Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
Abdal Akbas is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
There is no such employee.
Mahrur Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Halilullah Karahan is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karen Erturk is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
There is no such employee.
Aytekin Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Dildan Aksoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canhanım Dede is leaving from branch: Kecioren.
Firuz Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mensure Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Habil Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekin Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Esennur Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karina Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Leyla Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
Leyli Demirci is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Emetullah Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karya Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
There is no such employee.
Havva Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bilal Guler is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
İdil Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Asuman Gul is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
Elbek Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Firuz Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazale Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Afet Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ayhan Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bergen Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 137
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Ebrar Ipek.
Ceyhan Oz is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Larasu Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Adalet Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fermani Aygun is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
Levin Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamit Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
İclal Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berk Alp is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahbube Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fadime Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Donat Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazi Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deli Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Katre Kocaman.
Dilsozi Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faruk Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
Gokben Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kamer Korkmaz is leaving from branch: Avanos.
There is no such employee.
Felit Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenler branch is Macide Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delal Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derince Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bengisu Demirci is dismissed from branch: Konak.
Kardelen Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ecir Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Doğannur Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Doganyol branch is Fenni Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Arzu Seker is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Dal Kose.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gencay Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahariye Genc is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
Lerze Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Layza Karakas is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faide Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayberk Ozen is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Firuz Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Badem Aytac is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch this month are: 836
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hayriye Demirci is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
Edhem Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bagatur Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gelincik Cetin is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
Felat Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Ecir Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Girin Oz is leaving from branch: Kucukcekmece.
Faruk Karakas is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
There is no such employee.
Hafız Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Debernuş Cicek is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abadın Mengi is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyan Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hulki Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gorani Balta is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyal Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ejder Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daristan Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch this month are: 763
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdoğan Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
Maya Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lİla Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Alara Cicek.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 530
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huri Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Aydin Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Irsat Taskin is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
Irsat Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Egealp Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eser Dag is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
Erna Gunes is leaving from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceydanur Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fatmanur Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulkadir Toprak is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eylem Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ayaz Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
Kaniye Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Fadıla Elmas is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
Gogen Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haki Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karadut Koc is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ertan Duran is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahmude Arslan is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demirezen Balta is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilci Karakas is leaving from branch: Beylikduzu.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Daim Celik.
There is no such employee.
Gilyas Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aydonat Kuru is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gani Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gayret Mert is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamit Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilhami Alp is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Enhar Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
Ayhan Toprak is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canaş Ari is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Fermani Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Asiye Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ibrahim Balta is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Faize Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faraziye Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Banu Ipek is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkoç Gunay is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch this month are: 1233
Balkin Saglam is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
Dirlik Nas is promoted from Cook to Manager.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haldun Dag is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
Iraz Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gencal Aktas is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Lal Kocak is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekmeleddin Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch are: 52355
There is no such employee.
Mahmude Ucar is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kalender Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Erdibike Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Igdemir Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Edebali Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feleytun Mengi is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Ishak Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gorani Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gedik Taskin is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Hurkan Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Girgin Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahsure Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdi Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aybars Guler is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
Evgin Aygun is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
Gorani Ekinci is leaving from branch: Pendik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aylin Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 899
There is no such employee.
Erkinay Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch are: 48155
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiser Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leyla Demirci is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
Irsad Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Agin.
There is no such employee.
Erkut Tekin is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
Melike Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Ilci Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aborkar Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mesudane Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakverdi Aytac is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
Ecenaz Kocak is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch this month are: 1300
There is no such employee.
Mahiye Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daime Kocak is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Hanife Balta.
Abdullah Senol is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abuşka Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dirlik Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ayvaz Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elmira Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
Janseli Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canfeda Yucel is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch are: 50445
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch are: 57210
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dirlik Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erhan Kocak is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Himmet Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aborkar Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasibe Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Madelet Toprak is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
Felin Sahiner is promoted from Cook to Manager.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derem Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
Irtek Karakas is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kecioren branch is Faide Kara.
There is no such employee.
Banu Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahzure Kose is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenyurt branch this month are: 1133
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Adile Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
Dileda Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Meriç Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Idris Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dilfeza Ipek is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ajda Yasar is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Gazele Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canipek Arslan is leaving from branch: Gulsehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilay Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Asiye Kose is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Evren branch is Insel Yildiran.
Barut Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Manager of the Kagithane branch is Abadan Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cannur Balta is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ertan Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamis Aslan is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Fatih branch is Leylan Toker.
There is no such employee.
Efehan Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Badem Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Esved Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceydasu Saglam is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cankat Sari is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Gihev Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceyhan Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Dalım Yucel is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 2048
There is no such employee.
Delice Senol is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Havin Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Badem Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abgun Kaya is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakay Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delal Genc is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
Efdal Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hincal Taskin is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
Fakihe Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cemalnur Kilic is leaving from branch: Aliaga.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch this month are: 1920
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bakanay Balta is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Kayra Tasdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kavin Yigit is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
Larissa Temel is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Fekahet Kilic is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbad Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Felit Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Efehan Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Delfin Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Levzi Ozen is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 1830
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgar Acar is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Baskın Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Eceseren Genc is dismissed from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faris Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch this month are: 2298
There is no such employee.
Fadime Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadis Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayindir branch is Berke Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayindir branch is Berke Genc.
Emetullah Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Medar Karakas is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Etkin Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch this month are: 2735
Edahses Toker is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hatice Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Izgutay Yucel is leaving from branch: Beylikduzu.
Canela Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Firuze Cetin.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch this month are: 2771
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gencal Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazire Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayaz Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Durukan Karahan is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gedik Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Janbek Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbay Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fekahet Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Lale Kaya is dismissed from branch: Hani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eğilmez Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadice Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Havin Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Medar Genc is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haki Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farik Ay is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canal Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahrem Sahin is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gedik Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Deli Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazıl Aksu is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecevit Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Leylan Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
Benan Er is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Birsoy Erkan is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch are: 56602
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecenaz Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fuad Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamit Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
Kayla Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karanfil Kaya is leaving from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
Hasret Kose is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fidan Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bediz Avci is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fatoş Bayrak.
Fahri Ari is leaving from branch: Bakirkoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karsu Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Aybars Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duman Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 3148
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Falaz Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgaz Ucar is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Egealp Taskin is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hazal Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kadime Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berke Aslan is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daime Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jaledar Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalince Cetin is dismissed from branch: Agin.
There is no such employee.
Erdoğan Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Birsoy Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdal Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Manager of the Sahinbey branch is Canan Ucar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fatoş Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch this month are: 3454
There is no such employee.
Baran Ucar is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Edebali Taskin is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
Karen Kocak is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
Feyzullah Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hejmar Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Gizer Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
Kavin Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kayla Polat is dismissed from branch: Pendik.
Demir Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Katun Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gazale Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farise Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelin Kaya is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bergen Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Abak Celik.
Figen Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gıyas Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gihev Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Azmi Guler is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Azad Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Harika Er is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
Medar Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Adalet Oz is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karsu Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
Istemihan Kilic is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
Hanif Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebed Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Aynur Mert is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
Ceren Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hayat Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eylem Kocak is leaving from branch: Selcuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch this month are: 3324
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faik Yucel is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
Karsu Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
Ebed Kara is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Daristan Aydin is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hades Celik is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilferah Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahru Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elvan Yasar is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
Lara Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Medar Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 2893
There is no such employee.
Lamiye Er is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
Gıyas Nas is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
Bozkaya Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gaffur Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylüfer Ucar is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Gavsi Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gavsi Ozen is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalsar Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Agin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebed Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ebrar Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Agin.
Ilhami Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanedan Kocak is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isfendiyar Elmas is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulkadir Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feyza Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aber Dede is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilfeza Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lamiye Gul is leaving from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch are: 51882
There is no such employee.
Faize Mengi is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Ebrar Ipek is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Damra Cebeci is promoted from Cook to Manager.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fecir Ipek is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Aygen Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Caneda Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ledeyna Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fahri Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
There is no such employee.
Bahamra Erkan is leaving from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
Gihev Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erim Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Baskın Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iris Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erhan Koc is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gerçek Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch this month are: 3598
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huray Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Cenah Alp is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
Gencaslan Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iras Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Irsad Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavin Demirci is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
There is no such employee.
Bangu Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Makbule Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Firdevsi Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Canay Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
Acem Kuru is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Filinta Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasret Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jergar Taskin is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgun Akbas is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irsad Ari is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
Karen Celik is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
Bakiye Ucar is dismissed from branch: Hani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abduş Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Faika Er is leaving from branch: Yeditepe.
Canane Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Janbek Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
Faik Kilic is leaving from branch: Kale.
Hamza Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Eti Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dileda Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
There is no such employee.
Fadime Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Daya Genc is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
Fazil Celik is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
Ajda Korkmaz is leaving from branch: Konak.
Abdulrezzak Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erim Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Barut Nas is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dorukhan Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Katre Sari is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gencal Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 3394
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch are: 58369
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dorukhan Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aber Gul is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikret Aslan is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
Acunalp Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbas Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch are: 56539
There is no such employee.
Hidayet Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hediye Polat is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Dehan Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hacil Genc is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Falaz Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch are: 54164
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jarin Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Pendik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hizir Erkan is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dayahatun Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Aysel Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dahiye Ucar is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
Ezgi Senol is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Total bonuses for the Hani branch this month are: 0
Karina Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch are: 58556
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Banu Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Loya Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
Asiye Gunes is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 67
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadice Demir is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ergin Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dildan Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Jilda Aydin is promoted from Cook to Manager.
Durukan Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kadime Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ecehan Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgun Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baharcan Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kardelen Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jutenya Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Havle Oz is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kaila/Kayla Gul is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
Gencay Taskin is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
Erksin Ipek is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fena Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch are: 60474
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Badem Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Basri Karakas is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilal Seker is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Isinkan Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elvan Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdenay Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Ikram Ari is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Ishak Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cezire Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 428
Manager of the Menderes branch is Mahmude Alp.
There is no such employee.
Firdevsi Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karaburun branch is Füreyya Dede.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch this month are: 688
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Merze Seker is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch this month are: 608
There is no such employee.
Feyzullah Yasar is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Hafız Saglam.
Aleyna Dag is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Füreyya Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 415
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Emel Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Göçmen Aksu is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gudul branch is Deli Kaya.
Hanzala Aytac is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feridun Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Hüdaverdi Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Darin Cetin is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch are: 58990
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dirlik Cetin is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Latife Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Larasu Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch this month are: 930
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karanfil Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Acarbike Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch this month are: 930
There is no such employee.
Fitnat Duran is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
Firuz Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilkcan Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Erim Alkan is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadil Kilic is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahbube Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acarhatun Cetin is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
Bengi Ipek is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Camlidere branch is Habibullah Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch are: 60224
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belemir Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Dorukhan Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kecioren branch this month are: 551
There is no such employee.
Gokberk Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch are: 53973
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faize Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakan/Abakay Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Afet Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebrar Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Keriman Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Mayra Demir.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hani branch this month are: 707
Fahrettin Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İdil Ozen is dismissed from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
Ayla Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch this month are: 554
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Itri Alp is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Harmancik branch is Evin Arslan.
Manager of the Evren branch is Insel Yildiran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hiram Akbas is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 1539
Dilkeste Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Galip Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Gizer Aydemir.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch this month are: 1193
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch this month are: 1237
Balkin Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kevser Aksu is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
Bahariye Er is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 1155
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch this month are: 764
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aykut Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
Ezgi Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kafiye Mengi is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdenay Guler is dismissed from branch: Hani.
Mamure Toprak is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elanaz Balta is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Lebriz Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch this month are: 733
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebrak Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch are: 55654
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokay Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delfin Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 1025
There is no such employee.
Cezire Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Aliaga branch this month are: 1073
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch are: 54241
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fuad Aydin is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jenin Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Mahiye Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Merzuka Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Filizer Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch this month are: 998
There is no such employee.
Ekim Tekin is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aborkar Alkan is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadime Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Felin Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
Hamit Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekber Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceydacan Mengi is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Leylak Yigit is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gedik Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bahamra Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haveri Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mecide Cicek is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fakihe Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokalp Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ejder Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gencay Duran is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
Madelet Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cezire Dag is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatine Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elanaz Dede is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 1214
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hurel Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
Başağa Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
Kadire Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hatice Kocak is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
Gizem Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dileda Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadile Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch this month are: 646
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erkut Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 1943
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Camlidere branch is Habibullah Yasar.
Kaila/Kayla Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahriye Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Barbaros Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bagatur Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
Fuzuli Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hamdullah Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 1476
Mahru Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
Ilci Senol is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haluk Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbay Aytac is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 1239
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 1785
There is no such employee.
Ecegül Taskin is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasbek Taskin is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Kardem Kilic is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lerzan Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Egealp Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Abdulkadir Temel.
There is no such employee.
Medar Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ajda Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karacabey branch are: 61920
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch are: 56933
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 2197
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abadan Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch are: 60570
Bahtiser Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilham Gunay is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
Izzettin Nas is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilaver Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Harmancik branch is Evin Arslan.
Evin Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Erkut Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayberk Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fermande Polat is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch are: 59672
There is no such employee.
Feyza Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Dal Kose.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Beliz Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mensure Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Birol Sari is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 55048
There is no such employee.
Efehan Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Havle Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Altindag branch are: 48793
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Gihev Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mamure Balta is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erkut Duran is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eti Avci is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 1426
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Filiz Aslan is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Erdibike Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gencay Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gogen Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Filinta Koc is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
There is no such employee.
Geray Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch are: 58895
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gihev Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecevit Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Altindag branch this month are: 2019
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 2432
Banu Gunes is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
Bediz Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Berke Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gıyas Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cavlan Aytac is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Silivri branch is Leyal Gunay.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 2529
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch are: 56117
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bozdemir Temel is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
Darin Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Atilla Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ira Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kardelen Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgar Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahperi Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gazel Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyan Koc is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch this month are: 2613
Manager of the Fatih branch is Leylan Toker.
Ceydanur Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 2364
Manager of the Haymana branch is Eftal Erturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erksin Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 2603
Laylank Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kadife Demir is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch this month are: 1625
There is no such employee.
Aytekin Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abak Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Filizer Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Danyal Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
Ishak Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahsure Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hasret Aytac is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Deli Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
İlke Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch this month are: 1488
There is no such employee.
Felek Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Gizer Aydemir.
Cavide Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kucukcekmece branch is Jilda Ozturk.
Germa Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferah Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
Deryanur Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kale branch is Ceydasu Sarac.
Berkan Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erkinay Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
Meral Ari is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 2286
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayansel Kuru is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
Gencal Ari is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Dilfiruz Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
Deli Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
Başağa Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derem Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edayi Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Leyli Gul is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
Bangu Kilic is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eftal Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Gihev Tuncer.
Melike Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hekimhan branch is Hamit Duran.
Hizir Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch this month are: 2619
Manager of the Eyup branch is Abdulkadir Temel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Altindag branch this month are: 3070
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Faize Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ishak Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Danyal Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iknat Elmas is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
Baldemir Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylak Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Davud Duran is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
Manager of the Hekimhan branch is Hamit Duran.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Doganyol branch is Fenni Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cankut Gunes is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
Halilullah Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 2870
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yeditepe branch is Efehan Kaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceydasu Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Layike Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahar Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 2301
Abak Oz is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
There is no such employee.
Gizer Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
Hilkat Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
Fadime Guler is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Total bonuses for the Bayindir branch this month are: 2013
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jengar Ucar is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demirbilek Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irmak Yigit is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jutenya Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
Isinkan Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch this month are: 2858
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adakli branch is Gece Yigit.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Doruk Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
Gerçek Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fitnat Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Mahsure Kaya is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Abak Celik.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Aricak branch is Ebyar Dede.
There is no such employee.
İclal Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch are: 56215
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isinsoy Toprak is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
Gedik Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iris Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebecen Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Urla.
Fatine Sahiner is promoted from Cook to Manager.
There is no such employee.
Darcan Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch this month are: 3308
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 3203
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cezire Karakas is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ece Sahin is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
Dafne Yigit is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Demirezen Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Itri Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hiram Toker is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Hafız Demir.
There is no such employee.
Jeyan Seker is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
Katre Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayberk Cicek is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
Bozdemir Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch are: 58974
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch are: 61132
There is no such employee.
Acarbike Saglam is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Larissa Karakas is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Darcan Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leyan Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecrin Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Celile Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 2860
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 2692
İdil Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 3700
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Fatih branch is Leylan Toker.
Germa Cetin is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
Haktan Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
Fazilet Gunay is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch are: 60610
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hayat Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
Canperver Alkan is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
Ayberk Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dilay Mert is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch are: 60639
There is no such employee.
Feridun Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leyli Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Mayra Demir.
Aynur Dede is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
There is no such employee.
Dal Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch this month are: 2480
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 3557
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Memduha Kose is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 3134
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belgi Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylüfer Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
Belgi Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
Hikmet Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Dal Kose.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mesudane Koc is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch are: 60960
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch this month are: 3275
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canipek Erkan is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdurrahman Balta is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fidan Balta is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dirok Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdullah Gunes is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kale branch is Ceydasu Sarac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aytekin Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Heper Ari is leaving from branch: Altindag.
Total bonuses for the Kecioren branch are: 61705
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 58030
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch this month are: 2906
Kamile Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Deryab Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yeditepe branch are: 57759
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Felek Ay is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aylin Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adalar branch is Ilbilge Ozdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadile Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Karakız Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ganimet Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch are: 53593
There is no such employee.
Hamis Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huriye Gunes is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belde Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bagatur Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gerçek Mert is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Derem Sarac is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Huray Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jaledar Elmas is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
Mahinur Ari is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balca Duran is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
Bangu Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Mahibe Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Agin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bakirkoy branch is Afet Buyuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farah Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanife Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch this month are: 3383
There is no such employee.
Deha Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Benan Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Beliz Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Geray Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Donat Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lema Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
Karin Sarac is dismissed from branch: Pendik.
There is no such employee.
Ilbas Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch this month are: 4774
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Maya Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbilge Polat is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilbirin Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halilullah Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Melodi Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berke Celik is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch this month are: 3757
There is no such employee.
Bahtiyar Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch this month are: 3643
There is no such employee.
Jeyan Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
Havle Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fahri Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 3883
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 4179
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 4107
Husam Gunes is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Füreyya Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadime Yigit is leaving from branch: Beylikduzu.
There is no such employee.
Abuşka Ipek is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Eftal Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 4299
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecrin Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Silivri branch is Leyal Gunay.
Hafız Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gelincik Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eser Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecir Kara is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
Gencal Nas is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
Manager of the Beylikduzu branch is Esved Tasdemir.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Jilda Aydin.
There is no such employee.
Belgi Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Göçer Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Hani branch are: 61063
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Maya Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
Fatoş Alkan is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch are: 60550
Farah Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Maltepe branch is Felin Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
Baharcan Arslan is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilferah Sahin is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aleyna Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Farika Gunes is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch are: 58023
There is no such employee.
Deryab Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Banu Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gokberk Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Baglar branch is Feridun Aksu.
Abad Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakan Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Galibe Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Darcan Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Cankut Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikri Kose is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Selcuk branch this month are: 3157
There is no such employee.
Emel Kocak is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
Emetullah Balta is dismissed from branch: Konak.
Gazale Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erinç Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Adalan Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch are: 60801
Manager of the Cankaya branch is Irmak Aksu.
Felat Kilic is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Izgutay Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
Leyal Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgi Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kucukcekmece branch is Jilda Ozturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aziz Sari is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
There is no such employee.
Feyza Kose is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
Aborkar Duran is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch are: 62369
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 58107
There is no such employee.
Ekenel Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Agin.
Elmira Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch this month are: 4540
Ecir Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faize Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch this month are: 5702
Faide Ari is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Gamze Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanife Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahbube Kilic is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Destecan Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Aricak branch is Ebyar Dede.
Esmeray Yucel is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jeyan Polat is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
Belgi Temel is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Gihev Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Lavin Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch this month are: 3277
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eylem Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Islahiye branch is Gokben Ay.
Hamdullah Ay is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Larasu Sari is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Bahtiser Guler is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebrar Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
Efdal Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihya Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Bakirkoy branch are: 61800
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 59624
Hakan Ipek is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
Kadime Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadis Alp is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Ildem Yucel is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Ezra Yilmaz.
Abgun Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
Asuman Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbas Aygun is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
Havin Aygun is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Gihev Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Ferhat Karakas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch are: 60470
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch are: 60462
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ezeli Balta is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecmel Aksu is dismissed from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
Bozkaya Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lerzan Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Hazan Gunes is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch are: 56466
There is no such employee.
Hakim Er is dismissed from branch: Konak.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch are: 60408
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch are: 64462
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bilal Gunay is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lamiha Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
Handan Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ersevim Cicek is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cenah Oz is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bakirkoy branch are: 62042
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Burak Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mediha Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Handan Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Huriye Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Burç Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dildan Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mensure Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Eceseren Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ilgaz Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demirezen Dag is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isinkan Kuru is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Jehat Duran is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dayehatun Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch are: 60305
Etfal Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Jarin Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kadime Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalsar Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bakiye Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cezire Mert is dismissed from branch: Agin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakan/Abakay Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aylin Aksu is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 416
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lamiha Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Lalin Dag is dismissed from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Basim Dag is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fena Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Iras Karakas is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
Hüdaverdi Seker is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
There is no such employee.
Barut Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
Kaila/Kayla Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch are: 61513
Azad Nas is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
Lamiha Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Keriman Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fena Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haki Toker is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Etfal Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
Mahizar Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bartu Gul is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
Ildir Cetin is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferruh Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bilal Ay is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
Makber Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Dileda Saglam is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Elanaz Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Manager of the Guzelbahce branch is Abakay Aygun.
There is no such employee.
Leyan Koc is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
Ceydanur Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fevzi Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elbek Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Belgin Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deli Nas is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Altindag branch are: 52830
There is no such employee.
Farika Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Merze Cicek is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
Ceren Mert is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jinmir Ucar is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
Edhem Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Dalan Yildiz.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 1578
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fulya Yigit is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
Irtek Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Erk Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Baldemir Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hakim Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
Demirbilek Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hacil Karahan is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
Afitap Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Handan Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fehim Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Macide Elmas is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ildem Sarac is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lİla Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sahinbey branch is Canan Ucar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erksin Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ishak Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Figen Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch are: 66104
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 59422
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iraz Arslan is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalya Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bangu Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gelenay Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cankaya branch is Irmak Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hikmet Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canfeda Oz is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 529
Lale Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Mahmude Aygun is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Dirok Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
Diba Demir is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faika Avci is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canane Kuru is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkin Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bakanay Kuru is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Iras Dede is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
Bala Yucel is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Hamide Sarac is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
Bakanay Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edhem Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karacabey branch is Izgutay Aktas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jutenya Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Istemihan Ay is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
There is no such employee.
Meral Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
Celile Demirci is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 1466
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acer Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdoğan Nas is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Faize Erturk is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fakri Genc is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Cahide Demirci is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Ilci Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 59473
Kamer Yucel is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Behin Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch are: 59317
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavin Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbilge Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menderes branch is Mahmude Alp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fuad Kuru is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch this month are: 1521
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecir Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
Berkan Saglam is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Devrim Guler is dismissed from branch: Hani.
There is no such employee.
Derem Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farise Dede is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Larissa Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalbaş Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecem Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokben Aygun is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahanur Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ibrahim Aydin is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Etkin Saglam is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 2384
Destecan Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch this month are: 1687
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavin Sari is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Edaay Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abduş Duran is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
Hanedan Duran is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aba Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ferah Yasar is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamra Senol is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch this month are: 1449
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karacabey branch this month are: 1744
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 1252
Balkin Koc is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
There is no such employee.
Gazele Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Darin Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Meserret Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Leyla Kilic is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
Loya Koc is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch are: 62857
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdibike Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferid Gunay is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Altindag branch this month are: 1102
Lavinya Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kardelen Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 1101
There is no such employee.
Ilgun Ipek is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 1731
Ecevit Kilic is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Geray Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gencay Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Medar Kocak is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch are: 66128
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erkinay Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
Gazale Kose is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
Ayberk Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch this month are: 1645
Merzuka Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
Ece Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fikri Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihsan Kilic is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
Dildar Avci is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
Kaymak Aslan is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
Levzi Ozen is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
Farise Demirci is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Abakan/Abakay Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Macide Aksu is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balca Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gaffar Alkan is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Efehan Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch are: 60824
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Islahiye branch is Gokben Ay.
Larasu Yigit is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Melike Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
There is no such employee.
Jengar Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch are: 65573
There is no such employee.
Furkan Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebed Aygun is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
Hacil Kocak is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Can Dede is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
Total bonuses for the Altindag branch this month are: 1355
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fehim Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huray Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baglar branch is Feridun Aksu.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch are: 65289
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch are: 64215
There is no such employee.
Belgi Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch this month are: 1196
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Handan Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakim Cetin is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
Manager of the Evren branch is Insel Yildiran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edhem Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Gazal Mengi is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
Ceydasu Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Mahizar Toker is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
Hanbeğendi Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Felin Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Esmeray Demir is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 2088
Dalince Kilic is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilmi Cetin is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Demirezen Aktas is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
Meriç Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gediz Ozen is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceren Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadime Nas is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Hakverdi Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahamra Gunes is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch are: 61852
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch are: 63757
There is no such employee.
Hincal Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Göçmen Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ildir Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hani branch this month are: 1805
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fuzuli Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gedik Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abadan Yigit is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
İlayda Temel is dismissed from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazh Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isinkan Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 2541
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ajda Er is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
Hurel Demir is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Aba Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gaffur Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lara Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canece Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gelin Aytac is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Lavin Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fenniye Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hale Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gencaslan Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bakanay Sahin is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatine Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faik Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilbirin Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Beliz Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
Irmak Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farise Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Merze Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canane Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ikram Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fecir Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mayra Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berkay Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gizem Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch are: 63953
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch are: 60720
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakay Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch this month are: 3119
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahru Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deran Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch this month are: 2921
Erksin Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Keriman Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch this month are: 1943
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 3208
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acunalp Sahin is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
There is no such employee.
Cezlan Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gizmen Seker is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylak Karahan is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
There is no such employee.
Isinsoy Ozen is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch this month are: 2048
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derem Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haluk Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
There is no such employee.
Fitnat Arslan is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Lavin Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Harika Duran is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derem Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hani branch this month are: 2611
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karacabey branch is Izgutay Aktas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayvaz Ozen is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
Demirezen Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
Fatine Tekin is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch are: 61539
Mahzure Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadife Aydin is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
There is no such employee.
Abdurrahman Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fikri Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Basri Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erendiz Aksu is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acarbike Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eğilmez Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avanos branch is Ferdi Aydogan.
Aygen Sarac is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
Ebecen Ari is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Donat Demirci is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
There is no such employee.
Kainat Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duman Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Donat Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
Lamia Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dileda Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fena Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derince Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dildar Balta is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
Ihlamur Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Esenyurt branch is Filizer Nas.
There is no such employee.
Lal Kuru is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelin Acar is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
Karsel Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jarin Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Izgutay Aydin is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
Gece Polat is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Canipek Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Evin Mert is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Havin Dag is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakikat Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
Faruk Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Macide Yasar is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
Hadis Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gerçek Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Esenyurt branch this month are: 3652
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kainat Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Daim Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abakay Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceren Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mediha Balta is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abgun Aksu is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
Mefharet Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Esenyurt branch are: 66056
Huri Cetin is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Fatoş Demir is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch are: 66380
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch are: 64742
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadife Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch are: 67004
Manager of the Agin branch is Alev Kilicaslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanbey Dede is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Mahfer Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 4763
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bilal Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
There is no such employee.
Karadut Ari is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
Dilsafa Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Filinta Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Selcuk branch this month are: 4442
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Larissa Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Pendik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Evgin Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canela Kose is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Hafız Demir.
Asuman Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Total bonuses for the Yeditepe branch this month are: 2553
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 4048
Hadim Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
Ebrar Ozen is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakgüzar Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilham Aygun is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aydonat Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ifakat Elmas is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Faika Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Idris Aslan is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
İlayda Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hincal Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
Bakiye Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
Feza Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Larasu Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Duman Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cankut Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dehna Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
Eğmen Demir is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Konak branch is Fermani Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch are: 58336
Manager of the Hazro branch is Feleytun Erkan.
There is no such employee.
Hamza Yucel is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahperi Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Memduha Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferruh Sahin is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
Manager of the Karsiyaka branch is Erdem Ipek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Layike Aktas is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
Kayansel Karahan is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 96
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenyurt branch is Filizer Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Hulusi Sahiner.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 61588
Bahtiser Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 411
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatma Ipek is dismissed from branch: Agin.
Mahibe Ozen is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
There is no such employee.
Ecrin Karakas is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
Faik Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hejmar Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 436
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cankat Toker is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
Ferzin Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Falaz Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Ferid Bayrak.
Derya Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Geray Ucar is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gerçek Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hekimhan branch is Hamit Duran.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Katre Kocaman.
Madelet Gul is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Canay Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
Ezgi Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
Ejder Genc is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Ilbas Ay is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Erim Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acem Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mayra Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Lİna Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demirbilek Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Emetullah Yasar is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch are: 67581
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Larissa Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Aba Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Meserret Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deran Toprak is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Manager of the Beylikduzu branch is Esved Tasdemir.
Insel Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Katre Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavinya Cetin is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İlayda Tekin is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
Belemir Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gogen Toprak is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Asli Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hulki Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Firuz Toker is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Dalan Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Basaksehir branch is Fırat Karahan.
There is no such employee.
Canalp Kilic is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
There is no such employee.
Hidayet Guler is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hincal Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Evren branch is Insel Yildiran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbas Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jeyan Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Harmancik branch is Evin Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canel Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Acunalp Celik is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilsafa Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
Basri Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elvan Aydin is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jaledar Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kardan Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yeditepe branch is Efehan Kaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dirok Alp is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Hafız Demir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 548
Fidan Ucar is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
Farise Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadik Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ertunga Aksu is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
Ayfer Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Davud Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habil Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdullah Yigit is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
Demir Oz is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cankaya branch is Irmak Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Janbek Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Bakirkoy branch this month are: 1154
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hikmet Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
There is no such employee.
Ecevit Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karmen Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahiye Alkan is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamelya Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
Medar Karahan is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
Maya Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 604
Faide Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch this month are: 806
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Figen Akbas is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karakız Aktas is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 582
Behçet Polat is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Melike Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 1055
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fırat Taskin is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
Evin Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch are: 65483
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 1178
Total bonuses for the Kecioren branch this month are: 1194
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Darcan Kilic is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadra Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faik Sari is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aysun Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hincal Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aba Tekin is leaving from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Galibe Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch are: 64560
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Cankut Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch this month are: 1029
There is no such employee.
Elacık Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lamia Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Göçer Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eylem Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Larissa Karahan is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Fehim Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch this month are: 495
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cankaya branch is Irmak Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Atilgan Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aleyna Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahizar Kose is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
Gazel Ay is leaving from branch: Maltepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aba Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hades Uzun is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canfeda Aydin is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irsat Aygun is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bilal Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Karin Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecem Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Hüdaverdi Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acarbike Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikrettin Demir is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 1261
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayaz Aygun is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elbek Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Lavanta Ucar is dismissed from branch: Agin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hattat Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hulusi Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hades Kaya is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Jilda Aydin.
Hafize Temel is dismissed from branch: Hani.
There is no such employee.
Ferhunde Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch are: 67495
Girgin Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Baharcan Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 1951
There is no such employee.
Hatunana Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Avanos branch this month are: 1662
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Istemihan Ari is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abduş Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Damra Toprak is dismissed from branch: Hani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Ekim Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch are: 61344
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Girgin Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gaffar Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Hanife Balta.
There is no such employee.
Isinsoy Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilmi Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hasret Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazel Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hadra Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Islahiye branch is Gokben Ay.
There is no such employee.
Ceydanur Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canela Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch are: 67637
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kainat Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eren Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hayat Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aysun Duran is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delistan Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Pendik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hekimhan branch is Hamit Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irak Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erna Balta is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feleytun Kuru is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fecri Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalan Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyli Acar is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eti Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch this month are: 830
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fatoş Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aydonat Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irsad Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch this month are: 2003
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ajda Karahan is leaving from branch: Bayindir.
There is no such employee.
Karsu Karakas is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
There is no such employee.
Janbek Buyuk is leaving from branch: Baskil.
Abay Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Karaca Aslan is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
Bengi Cicek is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isfendiyar Polat is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Lalin Koc is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Ilbas Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ibrahim Taskin is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bakanay Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Barut Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
Acer Alkan is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
Canfeza Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gelenay Balta is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
Cannur Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Hanife Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abat Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Basri Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 2086
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdal Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Gizer Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
Fazil Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Jarin Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Melodi Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yeditepe branch is Efehan Kaya.
There is no such employee.
Felek Dag is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch this month are: 2245
Ecegül Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Agin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecrin Ipek is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferdi Oz is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derem Avci is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fakri Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahariye Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 2387
There is no such employee.
Acarbey Cetin is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fatoş Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasret Yasar is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fahir Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahmure Gunay is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derman Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch this month are: 3109
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 2660
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Katmer Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bakirkoy branch is Afet Buyuk.
Dündar Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebubekir Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Garibe Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch this month are: 2924
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch this month are: 3235
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch this month are: 3160
Insel Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Faysal Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 2754
There is no such employee.
Dilfiruz Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Efehan Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch this month are: 3430
Katre Demirci is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Fehim Taskin is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Total bonuses for the Hani branch this month are: 2373
Gaffar Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch this month are: 3430
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Dirlik Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Cankut Avci.
There is no such employee.
Erendiz Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faide Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karaburun branch is Füreyya Dede.
There is no such employee.
Mahrur Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
Hayriye Demirci is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Manager of the Karsiyaka branch is Erdem Ipek.
Ilgaz Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilcan Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch this month are: 2670
Furkan Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Faize Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Basim Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Huriye Nas is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadra Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekin Sari is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Jehat Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Ferhat Karakas.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 2385
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 2464
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fenniye Koc is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyla Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Abdulkadir Temel.
There is no such employee.
Heper Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanbey Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 62899
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadriye Kucuk is leaving from branch: Bakirkoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 3367
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 2844
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daime Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Cankut Avci.
Abdullah Aslan is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiyar Sarac is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
Basim Celik is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
Abadın Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgar Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aydemir Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Layza Yavuz is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canperver Alp is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilkcan Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Felin Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aber Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch this month are: 2748
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 3043
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch this month are: 3074
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cankaya branch is Irmak Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhat Kilic is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 2966
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delistan Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derya Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch this month are: 3872
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delice Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Mahire Kara is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
Karmen Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayberk Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aysun Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Atilgan Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch this month are: 4554
Esmeray Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 2490
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Davud Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Habib Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihvan Kara is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavanta Uzun is dismissed from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kaila/Kayla Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
Hamiyet Aytac is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isfendiyar Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 3131
Manager of the Urgup branch is Mayra Demir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch are: 69094
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch this month are: 3319
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aydonat Avci is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylim Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecem Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lamiye Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kamile Ipek is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanzala Nas is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belgi Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 3102
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hiram Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Daim Celik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Meral Taskin is leaving from branch: Karacabey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bakiye Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edebali Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deryanur Genc is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 3410
There is no such employee.
Abduş Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ece Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edaay Ipek is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kısmet Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Birmen Cetin is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gulsehir branch is Gazal Sari.
There is no such employee.
Giram Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebed Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatih Acar is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Konak branch is Fermani Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Havva Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Janseli Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgat Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylak Arslan is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Asli Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karakız Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Kahya Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 66967
Daime Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhan Aktas is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
Leylak Mert is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 3274
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylifer Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Gıyas Seker is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erkinay Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gencay Tekin is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
Ilhami Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eğilmez Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Harmancik branch is Evin Arslan.
Adile Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch are: 71841
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kecioren branch is Faide Kara.
Husam Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Feleytun Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Letafet Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch this month are: 5450
Manager of the Solhan branch is Hulusi Sahiner.
Elvan Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Enhar Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyla Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
Ibrahim Kose is leaving from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berkay Kocak is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hurol Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokalp Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Birol Demirci is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
Gazel Sarac is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
Dilaver Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 3204
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Hanife Balta.
Manager of the Buca branch is Aba Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 4094
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ezra Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hilal Seker is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adalar branch is Ilbilge Ozdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Dal Kose.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bakirkoy branch are: 69954
Iraz Ipek is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 3911
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch this month are: 3260
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 4631
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 4100
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canece Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Göçmen Gunay is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Cankut Avci.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Gihev Tuncer.
Katre Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fadik Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch this month are: 5786
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Aysu Yildirim.
Ira Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Karin Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch this month are: 4004
Dayehatun Karahan is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahrem Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Basri Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch this month are: 4419
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 4311
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Itri Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
Bahriye Uzun is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelenay Mert is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mesudane Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belgi Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cenah Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Füreyya Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Etkin Akbas is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Lamiha Yasar is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
Canalp Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch are: 65799
There is no such employee.
Celvetiye Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 4041
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bakiye Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ezeli Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Doruk Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hayriye Mert is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
Gavsi Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceyhan Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebrar Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 4187
Abakay Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceydacan Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 4619
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbilge Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Adalan Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erna Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gemlik branch is Hizir Mengi.
Kamer Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gemlik branch is Hizir Mengi.
There is no such employee.
Gayret Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 3568
Funda Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Merzuka Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Insel Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fıda Kaya is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch are: 65308
There is no such employee.
Cannur Aslan is dismissed from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
Karanfil Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdem Mengi is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aydin Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamdullah Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 4878
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gemlik branch is Hizir Mengi.
There is no such employee.
Dalım Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Abbase Taskin is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isfendiyar Seker is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Füreyya Mengi.
Abdulrezzak Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jasmin Sari is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 4620
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 5402
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leman Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakay Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Buca branch is Aba Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebrak Genc is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Esved Duran is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
Hasbek Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Bahir Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch are: 69910
Manager of the Adakli branch is Gece Yigit.
There is no such employee.
Dirlik Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Diclehatun Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Eğmen Sarac is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
Aysun Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayindir branch is Berke Genc.
Baharnaz Elmas is leaving from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Azad Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Pendik.
Leylüfer Aktas is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
Hilkat Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Agin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 154
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhan Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Afitap Kocak is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
Erksin Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Basri Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Istemihan Taskin is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Furkan Aksoy is leaving from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bilal Duran is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilemma Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Havva Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Egezade Koc is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Letafet Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fecri Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch this month are: 96
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch are: 65040
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhan Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 544
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Altindag branch are: 59376
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch are: 71468
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Adalan Celik is leaving from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceyhan Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch are: 70481
There is no such employee.
Meriç Toprak is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Harika Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 441
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haldun Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
Havva Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aydemir Guler is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
There is no such employee.
Mesudane Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazel Avci is leaving from branch: Karakocan.
Lİna Ipek is leaving from branch: Aliaga.
Balkiz Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
Hazal Kaya is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cihanay Ucar is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebrak Korkmaz is leaving from branch: Eyup.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch this month are: 334
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdülalim Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
Karmen Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalsar Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hatunana Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Insel Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fezai Toker is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Manager of the Kale branch is Ceydasu Sarac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ganimet Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feyzullah Nas is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
Lale Kara is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahfer Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch this month are: 708
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eti Demir is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sariyer branch is Filiz Cengiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayindir branch is Berke Genc.
Ilkcan Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ebrak Duran is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch are: 73846
Daime Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 285
There is no such employee.
Abat Erkan is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duran Demir is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bengisu Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jerfi Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leman Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fahrettin Karakas is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Jengar Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilsozi Demirci is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahmure Gul is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Dalince Aydin is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Gencal Tekin is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch are: 63746
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aygen Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Ekim Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelincik Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irsat Ipek is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamelya Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jerfi Oz is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch this month are: 804
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch this month are: 1102
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fuad Gunes is leaving from branch: Camlidere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavanta Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Selcuk branch are: 67348
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilfeza Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Katre Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbad Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
Irak Oz is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 574
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 1374
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Burç Yasar is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
Ferzin Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abdulkadir Arslan is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farik Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edebali Aygun is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Hurkan Toker is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgaz Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch are: 71663
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Can Erkan is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Hüdaverdi Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilfeza Mengi is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
Dalince Kilicarslan is leaving from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dayahatun Ucar is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
Gazel Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakverdi Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
Ilbey Temel is leaving from branch: Hani.
Abdal Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bakirkoy branch this month are: 1304
There is no such employee.
Huri Ari is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 67851
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bakanay Erturk is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Ferda Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch this month are: 1135
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecesoy Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
Lal Alkan is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belemir Elmas is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
Mahibe Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irmak Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fatma Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bediz Yucel is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gevher Yasar is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bakiye Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Larasu Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 69546
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ezra Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch are: 66410
Candan Akbas is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 1730
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenyurt branch is Filizer Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 1865
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aleyna Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbase Polat is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bartu Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dildan Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Jinmir Balta is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
Haldun Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 1530
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halide Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahbube Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canhanım Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Ezra Yilmaz.
Erhan Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 1824
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isa Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delistan Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Maide Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edaay Temel is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cazibe Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahperi Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gencal Temel is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
Ecevit Alkan is leaving from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
Banu Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch this month are: 2008
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 1828
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mesudane Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
Maide Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hamide Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cihanay Cetin is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
Levin Gunes is leaving from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekmeleddin Avci is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halilullah Gunes is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Fatmanur Uzun is leaving from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acer Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch this month are: 2122
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceyhan Aslan is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
Total bonuses for the Yeditepe branch this month are: 1605
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch this month are: 2397
Ilgi Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fahir Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bakiye Ipek is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Burak Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hayat Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İlkben Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Pendik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jeyan Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch are: 64813
There is no such employee.
Aysun Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habide Kocak is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gedik Kocak is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
Azmi Aktas is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
Ilgar Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hatice Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lalin Karakas is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hafız Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Agin.
Filiz Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Durukan Mengi is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
Haldun Toker is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelin Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Insel Nas is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch are: 67397
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Egealp Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadik Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Egezade Saglam is dismissed from branch: Pendik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ledeyna Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
There is no such employee.
Bahar Kuru is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 2799
Derince Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahur Kilic is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acunalp Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch are: 69116
There is no such employee.
Lal Karakas is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Eftal Erturk.
Total bonuses for the Selcuk branch this month are: 1676
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Birmen Arslan is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Faize Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 1831
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hayriye Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
Total bonuses for the Aliaga branch are: 74846
There is no such employee.
Delice Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
Efehan Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Edayi Erturk is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lİna Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Efdal Genc is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilhami Ucar is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
Lara Koc is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dildan Erkan is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karen Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
Felat Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Mahmure Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Belemir Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch are: 74324
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 2036
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Islahiye branch is Gokben Ay.
There is no such employee.
Dilay Saglam is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
Gediz Nas is leaving from branch: Odemis.
Evgin Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdenay Er is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halef Aytac is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Keriman Aygun is leaving from branch: Umraniye.
Aborkar Erkan is leaving from branch: Menderes.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 2192
There is no such employee.
Iyiturk Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eylem Sarac is leaving from branch: Yayladere.
Dirlik Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ezgi Duran is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Lebriz Celik is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 2804
There is no such employee.
Mahbube Aslan is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
Gazale Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aborkar Toker is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 2849
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazal Akbas is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Fazilet Ipek is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dijdar Cetin is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
Kadriye Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deha Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
Gezer Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Maide Elmas is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Keriman Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
Daim Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hafız Gunes is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
Gelenay Aydogan is leaving from branch: Islahiye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jale Kuru is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Karya Tekin is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch are: 67950
Mahzure Erdogan is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ildem Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hikmet Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilferah Er is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Başar Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecir Er is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch are: 77124
Lale Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isa Erturk is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
There is no such employee.
Hadra Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Hanife Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Harika Ucar is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 2197
There is no such employee.
Fatma Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadıla Seker is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch this month are: 2781
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch this month are: 3209
Jeyan Kuru is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
Gevher Alp is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
Gazel Erkan is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakan Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamit Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belen Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch are: 70917
Fevzi Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erim Demirci is leaving from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lara Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Azmi Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Eti Kose is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Egealp Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 2725
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demiralp Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erendiz Demirci is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derin Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Mediha Ozen is leaving from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kecioren branch are: 76284
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dirok Yildiran is leaving from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canhanım Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Acarbike Karahan is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 3060
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Firuz Cetin is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 2385
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karaca Demir is dismissed from branch: Hani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Jilda Aydin.
Total bonuses for the Bayindir branch this month are: 2979
There is no such employee.
Abak Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch this month are: 2812
There is no such employee.
Filizer Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Meral Duran is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Keriman Durmaz is leaving from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irmak Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceren Ari is leaving from branch: Maltepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derince Kucuk is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Gihev Tuncer.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch this month are: 2722
There is no such employee.
Firuze Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebecen Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilal Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edgü Sarac is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Can Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feridun Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Karadut Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Daime Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leyla Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balkoç Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacil Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
Iras Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Itri Toker is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fıda Uzun is dismissed from branch: Hani.
There is no such employee.
Bahiye Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daime Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gizem Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eftal Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Mahizar Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch this month are: 2962
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gedik Erturk is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Idris Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch this month are: 4636
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abad Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ertunga Taskin is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Daim Celik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Selcuk branch is Deryanur Senol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch are: 72775
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazi Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dehan Yasar is leaving from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dildan Erkan is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hafize Kocak is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Ilgaz Sari is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Edebali Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahariye Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isinkan Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ergin Ucar is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
Aytekin Ucar is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jehat Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elbek Koc is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
There is no such employee.
Katre Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gezgin Er is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Galibe Aksu is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Firuze Cetin.
Hayriye Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 3689
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Melike Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilkat Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahibe Yuksel is leaving from branch: Harmancik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhan Acar is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamelya Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
Abadın Guler is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
Iris Gul is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch are: 75860
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiyar Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Ekim Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hale Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abgun Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Deryanur Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bilal Elmas is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilbirin Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbilge Aktas is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Latife Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kahya Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ermiye Kilic is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balca Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Ilbilge Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ezgi Sarac is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbilge Sari is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Esmeray Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
Jaledar Acar is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
Derem Acar is leaving from branch: Kucukcekmece.
Merzuka Ucar is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canane Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Agin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahmure Elmas is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Füreyya Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bakanay Yuksel is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch this month are: 5465
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Celvetiye Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Caneda Polat is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch this month are: 5150
There is no such employee.
Karsu Aygun is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Melodi Alp is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eren Toker is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
Dilay Sarac is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Alev Alp is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
Harika Ipek is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Total bonuses for the Altindag branch this month are: 3937
There is no such employee.
Erendiz Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Madelet Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Kamuran Alp is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
There is no such employee.
Ergin Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belen Erkan is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch are: 79046
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faris Kuru is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Galip Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadriye Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokalp Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
Ceren Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erim Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Itri Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch are: 76050
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 4920
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irsad Erturk is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 4920
There is no such employee.
Cahide Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duman Aydemir is leaving from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
Azad Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Jinmir Kose is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 5077
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lerzan Ozen is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
Kayla Demirci is leaving from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jasmin Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadime Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Adalan Kara is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baha Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 4893
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faris Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cemresu Kocak is leaving from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ganime Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dalayer Dede is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
There is no such employee.
Cankat Er is leaving from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
Fadik Tekin is dismissed from branch: Hani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lerzan Mengi is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
There is no such employee.
Furkan Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
Kadime Elmas is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Heper Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 6357
There is no such employee.
Derince Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acarhatun Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fitnat Ozen is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Dal Kose.
There is no such employee.
Larasu Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
Hulki Sahin is leaving from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Darin Senol is leaving from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Evren branch is Insel Yildiran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulkadir Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derya Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadik Cetin is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canfeza Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Basim Guler is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Ecebay Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İlkben Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hilmi Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Birol Gunes is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adakli branch is Gece Yigit.
Gokalp Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
Kayra Uzun is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Keriman Cicek is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Etfal Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Ferhat Karakas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fehim Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Firuze Cetin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Dal Kose.
There is no such employee.
Ecevit Sahin is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hulki Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Furkan Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch this month are: 353
Manager of the Bakirkoy branch is Afet Buyuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jaledar Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gilyas Kilic is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delfin Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylak Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aliaga branch this month are: 588
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecmel Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Heper Gunes is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
Fitnat Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habibullah Yildirim is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aber Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebyar Polat is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Islahiye branch is Gokben Ay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Gizer Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Geray Kuru is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdibike Dagdelen is leaving from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Abak Celik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hafsa Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lema Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gulsehir branch is Gazal Sari.
Total bonuses for the Kecioren branch this month are: 933
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Aysu Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canperver Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Jinsal Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Guzelbahce branch is Abakay Aygun.
Acarbey Nas is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gizer Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadim Aytac is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gorani Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ikram Kara is dismissed from branch: Agin.
Canel Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cezmiye Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Istemihan Sahin is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekim Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baskın Karakas is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
Faize Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
Gezgin Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erensu Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adakli branch is Gece Yigit.
There is no such employee.
Huriye Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kaila/Kayla Aktas is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cavlan Nas is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
Emetullah Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Egealp Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Hulusi Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Emel Kuru is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgaz Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Guzelbahce.
Dalım Cebeci is leaving from branch: Urla.
Itri Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jenin Sari is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Hüdaverdi Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ece Ekinci is leaving from branch: Maltepe.
Ferhat Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deha Aygun is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Hacı Oz is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
Hidayet Celik is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Medar Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Basaksehir branch is Fırat Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Caneda Yavuz is leaving from branch: Odemis.
Gewez Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
Haldun Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbad Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faraziye Karahan is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eftal Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
There is no such employee.
Azad Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hekimhan branch is Hamit Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Davud Aksu is leaving from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hattat Kocak is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
There is no such employee.
Iknat Kaya is leaving from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahir Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazel Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahmure Oz is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokben Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hasbek Sahin is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadim Tekin is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fehim Gunes is leaving from branch: Tuzla.
Mahinur Alp is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecehan Oz is dismissed from branch: Hani.
Balkoç Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 1205
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hafsa Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fırtına Mengi is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Galibe Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Afitap Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
Elacık Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadra Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mesudane Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Firdevsi Gunes is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hattat Aslan is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dijdar Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Daim Celik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acarhatun Aygun is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikret Ay is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cannur Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadis Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Jilda Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halim Aksu is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Devrim Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Evren branch is Insel Yildiran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acarbey Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbilge Karahan is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Abak Celik.
There is no such employee.
Cazibe Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
Durul Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
Hilmi Erdogan is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
Galip Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhat Celik is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 2328
There is no such employee.
Ishak Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Garabed Yasar.
Bozdemir Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başak Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gemlik branch is Hizir Mengi.
Canperver Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faize Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fariha Saglam is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Erim Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farika Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazilet Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gizem Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyla Koc is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihlamur Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Istemihan Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isinkan Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Esved Cicek is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceydacan Sahin is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsiyaka branch is Erdem Ipek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadire Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
Bakinaz Kose is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Asli Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fekahet Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
Ilgar Ipek is leaving from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch this month are: 1665
Manager of the Baglar branch is Feridun Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jilda Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
Abendam Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbilge Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
Barut Durmaz is promoted from Cook to Manager.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dehna Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bakiye Seker is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatmanur Guler is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faden Kaya is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Bengisu Aygun is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalbaş Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Harika Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
Kavin Kara is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Basaksehir branch is Fırat Karahan.
There is no such employee.
Huri Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch are: 77101
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İclal Kilic is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
There is no such employee.
Fikrettin Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahmude Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bangu Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgun Sahiner is leaving from branch: Camlidere.
Ilbilge Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gedik Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayindir branch is Berke Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gamze Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
Gokay Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Abat Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Hani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canan Ucar is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
Hakim Taskin is promoted from Cook to Manager.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Melike Saglam is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceydasu Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karya Tasdemir is leaving from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
Lamiye Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiser Taskin is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch this month are: 2357
Hayriye Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hüdaverdi Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferahfeza Gunes is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Asli Mert is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Islahiye branch is Gokben Ay.
There is no such employee.
İlke Kose is dismissed from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Maide Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch are: 78096
There is no such employee.
Fadik Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Cezire Demirci is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
Merzuka Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanbey Celik is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hayriye Mengi is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 2786
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahizar Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demirezen Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
Ece Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gizem Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Dirlik Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilaver Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Kagithane branch is Abadan Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huray Gul is leaving from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balca Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bakirkoy branch this month are: 3525
Layike Er is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Husamettin Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamer Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hazal Kilicarslan is leaving from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayansel Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazil Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bergen Tekin is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenyurt branch this month are: 3456
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch this month are: 2797
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Gizer Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferid Gunes is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fakihe Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
Bakanay Senol is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
Deha Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gevher Celik is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aleyna Gunes is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
Kevser Polat is dismissed from branch: Agin.
Hasibe Sari is leaving from branch: Karsel.
Efehan Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
Figen Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Melodi Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hurkan Ari is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fıda Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
Benan Toker is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
Fermani Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gizmen Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalan Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Emel Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Aba Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yeditepe branch is Efehan Kaya.
Fenni Karakas is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Eylem Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilsafa Ari is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Dalan Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jerfi Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beylikduzu branch is Esved Tasdemir.
Ebecen Erturk is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
Ferhat Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lamia Kaya is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Esennur Demirci is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kaniye Dag is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
Lara Ceylan is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
Fulya Oz is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erkut Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakay Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahamra Gunes is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gizem Mert is leaving from branch: Kucukcekmece.
Ebrak Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sahinbey branch is Hakim Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fecir Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Baha Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feray Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Alara Cicek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Silivri branch is Leyal Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jaledar Aksu is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Asiye Demirci is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Funda Dede is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Benay Kilic is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadriye Mert is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Abak Celik.
Bahir Oz is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Adalet Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dirim Cicek is leaving from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakan/Abakay Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sahinbey branch is Hakim Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadik Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayra Kaya is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karya Dagdelen is leaving from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelincik Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
There is no such employee.
Darcan Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kader Sari is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
Adalet Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dilsafa Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feza Nas is leaving from branch: Bakirkoy.
There is no such employee.
Bozdemir Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Karadut Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Ferid Bayrak.
Kısmet Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazi Cetin is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch are: 74890
Dehan Kuru is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahrem Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihlamur Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Afitap Gul is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihvan Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Galip Cicek is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edgü Taskin is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mefharet Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadire Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fatoş Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Dalan Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adakli branch is Gece Yigit.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayindir branch is Berke Genc.
Canhanım Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adalar branch is Barut Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch this month are: 5086
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fecir Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Funda Yucel is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Manager of the Genc branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gizem Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdoğan Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Feray Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lale Tekin is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berat Er is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canperver Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Canel Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jade Duran is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hulki Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
Banu Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ildir Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Birsoy Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 6252
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Makbule Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aydin Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadriye Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hatunana Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Guzelbahce branch is Abakay Aygun.
There is no such employee.
Jeyan Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Behin Avci is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
Fikrettin Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamra Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gamze Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mefharet Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Furkan Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Candan Aydin is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch this month are: 6111
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bergen Seker is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Asiye Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kevser Er is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Medar Uzun is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feleytun Yasar is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eser Demir is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abak Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch are: 78719
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irak Akbas is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenyurt branch are: 83324
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbase Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bala Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bangu Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başağa Alkan is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Maltepe branch is Felin Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fakihe Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 370
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daim Acar is dismissed from branch: Hani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jinsal Uzun is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch are: 80684
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 544
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hurkan Aydin is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gezer Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Banu Seker is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch this month are: 424
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Alev Yucel is leaving from branch: Kartal.
Abduş Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
Acarhatun Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulkadir Saglam is dismissed from branch: Hani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hafize Akbas is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 970
There is no such employee.
Halef Uzun is leaving from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch are: 80876
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiyar Tekin is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habil Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
Kavin Nas is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Dalsar Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eser Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch are: 83150
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ledeyna Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Himmet Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jinmir Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch are: 82649
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelincik Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abduş Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berke Alp is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahmure Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Hani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilemma Genc is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Maya Ay is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fer Sarac is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jenin Senol is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
Firdevsi Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jiyan Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch this month are: 489
There is no such employee.
Gazel Sari is leaving from branch: Selcuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch are: 80827
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gihev Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baharnaz Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
Leylüfer Aksoy is leaving from branch: Gulsehir.
There is no such employee.
Ferid Arslan is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derince Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irsad Akbas is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsiyaka branch is Erdem Ipek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berk Yigit is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Total bonuses for the Avanos branch this month are: 1206
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 1045
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 1882
Maide Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
Hiram Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daristan Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch this month are: 672
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bakirkoy branch this month are: 847
Doğannur Ipek is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch this month are: 1312
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faden Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch are: 85380
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hani branch this month are: 771
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ildiz Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch are: 82095
There is no such employee.
Enhar Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Benan Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 1924
Erkinay Erkan is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavinya Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bakanay Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadime Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ildir Alkan is leaving from branch: Siteler.
Fadile Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylim Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karakız Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bilal Aytac is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Dalan Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
Layza Balta is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch are: 83005
Ilgun Alp is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
Ayberk Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aborkar Yavuz is leaving from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leman Yigit is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikri Gul is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
Ayhan Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hacil Akpinar is leaving from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilmi Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
Kafiye Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch are: 77282
Fıda Ucar is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacı Alp is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Darcan Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gayret Uzun is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isinkan Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch are: 83576
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 1780
There is no such employee.
Dirim Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cankat Uzun is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
Hurkan Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cahide Yucel is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Abgun Yigit is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakan/Abakay Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
Iris Durmaz is leaving from branch: Bakirkoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 1405
There is no such employee.
Can Oz is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yeditepe branch are: 76426
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abaza Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbad Ay is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fulya Aygun is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
Hattat Ay is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 2140
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 2655
There is no such employee.
Bahir Gunay is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch are: 82173
There is no such employee.
Faraziye Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Selcuk branch this month are: 1807
There is no such employee.
Ferzin Nas is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch are: 83576
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erhan Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Igdemir Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kayla Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatoş Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakan/Abakay Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Karsel Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edebali Polat is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch this month are: 1877
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fena Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faik Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch are: 82841
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Adile Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ira Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Duman Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch this month are: 2125
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Insel Oz is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
Destan Ipek is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadire Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
Haluk Akbas is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
Erinç Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahfer Ozen is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Diclehatun Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kısmet Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Füreyya Dede is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
Garabed Yasar is promoted from Cook to Manager.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Alara Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bakanay Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Etfal Er is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 1570
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 2157
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hejmar Elmas is leaving from branch: Odemis.
Birmen Akbas is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belgin Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erksin Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelin Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Laylank Uzun is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fekahet Karakas is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fıda Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eser Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahar Tekin is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Daim Celik.
There is no such employee.
Kadriye Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ertunga Aksu is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fehim Alkan is dismissed from branch: Pendik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duman Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Farah Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ebrar Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
Banu Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 2293
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch this month are: 2886
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berkan Genc is leaving from branch: Bakirkoy.
Manager of the Kecioren branch is Faide Kara.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feridun Saglam is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
Abdülalim Cicek is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch are: 85869
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delice Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch are: 77655
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 3335
Hulusi Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch are: 84086
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eğmen Dede is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 2519
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Darcan Uzun is leaving from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakan/Abakay Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekin Kocaman is leaving from branch: Bakirkoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamis Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 2491
Hamdullah Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch are: 86132
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 2647
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abadın Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 2707
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 2803
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delal Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch are: 75258
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch are: 86298
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch this month are: 2926
Gokay Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Garibe Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 2386
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balin Polat is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feleytun Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lalin Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dayehatun Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch are: 82794
There is no such employee.
Lebibe Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Başar Yasar is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferah Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Evgin Elmas is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bartu Dag is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazi Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch are: 81375
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sahinbey branch is Hakim Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 2611
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadile Ozdemir is leaving from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 2734
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canalp Korkmaz is leaving from branch: Avanos.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İdil Sari is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 3838
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 3119
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 3036
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch are: 89156
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayra Celik is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch are: 76977
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadire Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadil Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch are: 79444
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aytekin Ay is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 3212
Acer Uzun is leaving from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalayer Dag is leaving from branch: Bakirkoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 4018
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 2974
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 2757
There is no such employee.
Edayi Kilic is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Barut Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Janseli Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 3339
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 83367
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch are: 84044
Canfeza Cetin is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halilullah Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Larasu Gul is leaving from branch: Aliaga.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edebali Kara is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahbube Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fehim Toker is leaving from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch this month are: 3274
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch this month are: 3030
There is no such employee.
Himmet Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elacık Acar is leaving from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
Fazil Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bangu Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faika Acar is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
Hadim Dag is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Birol Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiser Avci is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faris Karahan is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgaz Akbas is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
Diba Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Durul Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aziz Tekin is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cankut Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
Ganimet Ucar is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch are: 84415
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ganime Yildirim is leaving from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch are: 84867
Total bonuses for the Selcuk branch this month are: 3372
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Firuz Er is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 5057
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kafiye Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bozdemir Yasar is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dündar Balta is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daya Gunes is leaving from branch: Bakirkoy.
Ilhami Aydin is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Doganyol branch is Fenni Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch this month are: 78
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanife Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lamiye Guler is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
Fatoş Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilay Erturk is leaving from branch: Karabaglar.
Benan Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 46
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Damra Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Barbaros Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 122
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazal Mengi is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Edaay Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 486
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayaz Demirci is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Altindag branch is Burç Yavuz.
Derya Ozen is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Danyal Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Harmancik branch is Evin Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Loya Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halef Korkmaz is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
Mahrem Senol is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
Ifakat Duran is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
Irsad Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Melike Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Doruk Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilal Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hafize Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Hani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hursit Kara is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Edaay Sari is leaving from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ira Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dayehatun Karahan is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekber Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Hanife Mengi is leaving from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 473
Hanbeğendi Kocak is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Total bonuses for the Bayindir branch this month are: 272
Dildar Kilic is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canhanım Duran is leaving from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
Hanbey Demirci is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahru Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bala Nas is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 556
Ekim Akbas is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jengar Demir is leaving from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dijdar Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Total bonuses for the Bakirkoy branch this month are: 711
There is no such employee.
Hamis Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Damra Cebeci.
Faide Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Harmancik branch is Evin Arslan.
Canperver Mengi is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gemlik branch is Hizir Mengi.
There is no such employee.
Gelenay Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Faize Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ajda Duran is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avanos branch is Ferdi Aydogan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Janset Erdogan is leaving from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Egezade Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hayriye Aslan is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecehan Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 463
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kaniye Celik is leaving from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayberk Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Pendik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Garibe Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jalenur Duran is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bera Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazilet Guler is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch this month are: 982
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch this month are: 1572
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İclal Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecegül Buyuk is leaving from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 1445
Durukan Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Abakan/Abakay Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Feleytun Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dildar Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 1154
Hadis Alkan is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Mamure Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fahri Yasar is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Habib Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Janseli Aygun is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Fatmanur Alp is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kecioren branch is Faide Kara.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Dalan Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
Faize Avci is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 1584
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fırtına Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irmak Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kucukcekmece branch is Jilda Ozturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadire Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dal Kaya is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Erdem Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hejmar Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Hafız Saglam.
Ilci Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Mayra Demir.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 1277
Fazil Erkan is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
Doruk Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cankaya branch is Irmak Aksu.
There is no such employee.
Leyli Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch this month are: 1142
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 916
There is no such employee.
Geray Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yeditepe branch this month are: 1356
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Selcuk branch this month are: 2051
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch this month are: 2447
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Altindag branch is Burç Yavuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lamiye Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farika Senol is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faysal Aygun is leaving from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgaz Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 1406
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faika Taskin is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Aliaga branch is Galibe Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başağa Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
Hilal Gunes is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karin Duran is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadime Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habil Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Silivri branch is Leyal Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch this month are: 2094
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gezer Polat is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 966
There is no such employee.
İlke Gunes is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Barut Kose is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fıda Aydin is leaving from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazele Kilic is leaving from branch: Solhan.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Abakan/Abakay Ozen.
Manager of the Fatih branch is Leylan Toker.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 1138
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karaburun branch is Garabed Yasar.
Erendil Balta is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
Total bonuses for the Karacabey branch this month are: 1990
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Barut Ucar is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokben Ozen is leaving from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iknat Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokalp Cicek is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Doruk Nas is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch this month are: 1780
There is no such employee.
Kainat Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Firuze Cetin.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 983
Abakay Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceydanur Gunay is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Afet Kose is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayla Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Diba Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Faize Taskin.
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Gizer Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 2340
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Faize Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 1445
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkiz Aksu is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayaz Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haluk Kose is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
Hasret Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch this month are: 1796
Bozdemir Guler is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch this month are: 2358
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Burç Kocak is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch this month are: 2337
Manager of the Pendik branch is Dijdar Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Adile Dag is leaving from branch: Kagithane.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Daim Celik.
Leylüfer Arslan is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Hafız Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 1778
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 1784
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch this month are: 1757
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belgi Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 1864
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fenni Gunes is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
Fazıl Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halilullah Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adakli branch is Gece Yigit.
Isinkan Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Aliaga branch is Galibe Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fekahet Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gaye Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faruk Polat is leaving from branch: Cermik.
Ferdi Gul is leaving from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
Ayvaz Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 2673
Kader Demir is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
Manager of the Menderes branch is Mahmude Alp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Guzelbahce branch is Abakay Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demir Ceylan is leaving from branch: Basaksehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebed Balta is leaving from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Göçmen Cicek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huray Yavuz is leaving from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 2361
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beylikduzu branch is Esved Tasdemir.
Canalp Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch this month are: 2290
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fenni Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gencal Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 2824
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadriye Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalsar Sahin is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilferah Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erensu Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgar Yucel is leaving from branch: Kucukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Guzelbahce branch is Abakay Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Loya Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farika Arslan is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cezire Erkan is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavinya Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deryanur Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gedik Aydin is leaving from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Aricak branch is Ebyar Dede.
There is no such employee.
Ferhan Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Celile Gunay is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 2456
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch are: 86144
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canal Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Itri Cicek is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Altindag branch this month are: 2116
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bengi Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Fatih branch is Leylan Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch this month are: 2457
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch this month are: 2360
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canel Gunes is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadil Celik is leaving from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 2893
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bakanay Aytac is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch this month are: 2393
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Aysu Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canipek Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Madelet Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferzin Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Ezra Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Fatih branch is Leylan Toker.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Agin branch is Alev Kilicaslan.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 2157
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hades Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 2157
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 2722
There is no such employee.
Cavide Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jinmir Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hilal Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Kinik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihsan Nas is leaving from branch: Evren.
Fikret Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eyşan Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gazel Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylüfer Uzun is leaving from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bergen Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dehan Gul is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 2806
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Caneda Kara is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Fatine Sahiner.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 3223
There is no such employee.
Aysun Celik is leaving from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Füreyya Saglam is leaving from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faika Guler is leaving from branch: Gungoren.
Aziz Celik is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Jilda Aydin.
Baharnaz Er is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Aliaga branch is Galibe Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 3469
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahfer Genc is leaving from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdullah Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erensu Uzun is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Igdemir Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulkadir Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Adalet Dede is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Mayra Demir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gazel Genc.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 3269
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Selcuk branch is Deryanur Senol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch this month are: 3282
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecevit Karahan is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Geray Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 2381
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch this month are: 3470
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İlkben Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 3221
Alev Kuru is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Altindag branch is Burç Yavuz.
Manager of the Harmancik branch is Evin Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahperi Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatmanur Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 3997
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Konak branch is Fermani Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hulki Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferruh Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 4053
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 4031
Fakri Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
There is no such employee.
Ilci Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
Ekenel Kara is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fakirullah Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdal Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karanfil Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Larissa Kocak is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahibe Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Hanife Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecem Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch this month are: 3484
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Cankut Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bediz Aytac is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch this month are: 2670
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 3469
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch are: 92414
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isinkan Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belemir Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayra Aytac is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gezgin Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berk Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cahide Toprak is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gamze Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
Cenah Akbas is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Celvetiye Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch this month are: 427
There is no such employee.
Ayla Demirci is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
Fuzuli Gunay is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayfer Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamile Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch this month are: 224
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 135
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farika Mert is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
Ferah Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch are: 81142
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belde Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karaca Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daristan Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 378
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyla Ari is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Hilkat Oz is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aysun Nas is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cezlan Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faik Temel is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dildar Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 616
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch are: 89979
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dahiye Erturk is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feleytun Ipek is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iraz Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelincik Akpinar is leaving from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 671
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kader Nas is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
Lerzan Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylüfer Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gale Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jarin Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Madelet Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 550
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Meral Gunay is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 962
There is no such employee.
Lema Dede is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 799
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulkadir Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
Duman Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 785
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canane Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mesudane Toprak is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch this month are: 786
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gaffar Dede is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aydonat Demirci is leaving from branch: Haymana.
Danyal Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 1000
There is no such employee.
Dilfiruz Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch this month are: 1195
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acem Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatoş Aksu is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch are: 78692
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch are: 85146
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Darin Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Enginsel Guler is leaving from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lal Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kecioren branch are: 94360
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch are: 93487
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch are: 87460
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Latife Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lal Akbas is dismissed from branch: Pendik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyan Arslan is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch are: 86607
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hani branch this month are: 411
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deran Kuru is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
Acarbike Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hani branch this month are: 607
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 1843
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aydonat Yuksel is leaving from branch: Hazro.
Melodi Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch are: 91520
There is no such employee.
Canela Tuncer is leaving from branch: Bakirkoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 928
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ertan Alkan is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berk Celik is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deli Kaya is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
Ilbas Ceylan is promoted from Cook to Manager.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 918
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch this month are: 610
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadis Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 1195
There is no such employee.
Lema Aygun is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
Fikret Dagdelen is leaving from branch: Esenyurt.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch are: 89609
Hilkat Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fer Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch are: 88122
There is no such employee.
Cankut Yucel is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delistan Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 1089
Jenin Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacer Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jergar Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch this month are: 989
There is no such employee.
Belen Avci is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ildir Gunes is leaving from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Doğannur Ozen is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karacabey branch this month are: 2263
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch this month are: 1160
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eyşan Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch this month are: 2155
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch this month are: 1261
Hazan Aslan is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berke Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kavin Toker is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ikram Ipek is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
Daltekin Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazire Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abbad Sarac is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
Cavide Sahin is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
Habib Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
There is no such employee.
Fenniye Mengi is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 1418
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch are: 92450
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baharcan Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 83393
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferruh Erkan is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 1969
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch are: 92512
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 95362
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gizmen Kuru is dismissed from branch: Agin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hidayet Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 1387
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch this month are: 1545
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fermani Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canay Demirci is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch are: 83533
There is no such employee.
Leylak Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gaye Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
Abbase Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiyar Kocak is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acer Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halim Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
Isa Ipek is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canhanım Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecrin Erkan is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihsan Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dehan Oz is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Benay Genc is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
Levin Balta is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokben Aksu is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahbube Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 95492
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 2143
Celile Sarac is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haldun Kocaman is leaving from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch are: 87302
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gece Aktas is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch are: 91566
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch are: 92982
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 1432
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 2141
Aytunç Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Handan Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch are: 88144
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenyurt branch are: 92951
Bangu Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hazal Kocak is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hani branch this month are: 2196
There is no such employee.
Kader Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamide Yildiran is leaving from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch this month are: 2307
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadra Yildiran is leaving from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berk Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
Total bonuses for the Avanos branch this month are: 2656
Lamiye Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berkay Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hafız Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Agin.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch are: 90081
Dilkeste Yucel is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dirlik Kilic is dismissed from branch: Hani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kader Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
Itri Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelin Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Göçer Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hani branch are: 91395
Ilbas Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Makbule Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Evrensel Aytac is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
Doruk Aydin is leaving from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch are: 84050
Dilsafa Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbad Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 3554
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Meriç Toker is leaving from branch: Karacabey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecmel Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ajda Er is dismissed from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
Erim Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamile Sarac is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canhanım Gunay is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Lerzan Er is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
Ledeyna Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cankat Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delice Kuru is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
There is no such employee.
Fatine Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balca Ozdemir is leaving from branch: Haymana.
Derman Aktas is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahinur Taskin is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Total bonuses for the Altindag branch are: 77313
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch are: 82077
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilemma Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 89704
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch are: 92105
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch this month are: 2621
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch this month are: 2754
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanbey Ay is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 2646
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayindir branch are: 88041
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cemalnur Balta is leaving from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isfendiyar Aydin is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acunalp Akbas is dismissed from branch: Hani.
Ilhami Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canfeza Temel is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazilet Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamide Oz is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jale Taskin is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecegül Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dilbirin Mengi is leaving from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Girgin Gunes is leaving from branch: Avanos.
Mahrem Dede is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
Dirok Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 2620
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch are: 89563
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 3204
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 4061
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 4821
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huriye Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lebibe Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Ezra Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Burak Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Basri Aslan is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylim Polat is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irsat Sahin is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
Firuze Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iraz Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch this month are: 3423
Kaymak Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahiye Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ikram Kilic is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eceseren Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasibe Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canal Tekin is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch are: 91072
Kainat Ucar is dismissed from branch: Hani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch this month are: 2979
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahariye Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erkut Gul is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilhami Demirci is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demirbilek Karakas is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lİla Taskin is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Leyan Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gavsi Genc is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
Dalan Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch are: 91093
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hidayet Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Duran Elmas is leaving from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abad Aslan is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Izzettin Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edahses Cebeci is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Benay Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakay Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch are: 95543
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilaydin Kose is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Melodi Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 3356
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baharcan Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erna Kara is dismissed from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahmure Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abuşka Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 4130
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch this month are: 4818
Derman Guler is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
Kadime Mengi is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hiram Duran is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bediz Karahan is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 4274
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Felit Seker is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadra Celik is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Total bonuses for the Aliaga branch this month are: 4350
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakim Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 4212
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 4776
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilcan Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebrar Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Latife Uzun is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazıl Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahmude Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delfin Aksu is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 5347
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 3870
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abuşka Kara is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Ezra Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gavsi Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Doğannur Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamra Toprak is leaving from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Selcuk branch is Deryanur Senol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fahri Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acem Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farise Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cazibe Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 51
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 145
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 376
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eftal Aslan is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelincik Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menderes branch is Mahmude Alp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayansel Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ediz Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Beliz Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazil Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berkay Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jalenur Seker is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 899
Ecem Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Harika Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyal Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch this month are: 504
There is no such employee.
Jehat Mert is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadıla Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aygül Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 638
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Daim Celik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch this month are: 600
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalbaş Taskin is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Gihev Tuncer.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch this month are: 912
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Efdal Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
There is no such employee.
Halide Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karaburun branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 828
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Açelya Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mecide Mert is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edra Akbas is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Emel Er is dismissed from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayla Ozen is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch this month are: 850
There is no such employee.
Dalım Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 1339
There is no such employee.
Destecan Guler is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Meserret Ari is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kısmet Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 698
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dafne Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 1020
Bahiye Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Firuze Cetin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakgüzar Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Alara Cicek.
There is no such employee.
Ifakat Elmas is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bakirkoy branch this month are: 1556
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahmude Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Cavlan Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 1681
Total bonuses for the Selcuk branch this month are: 1204
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Silivri branch is Leyal Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canperver Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fer Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch this month are: 1391
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Ezra Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilsozi Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahsure Erturk is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
Kayra Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jergar Kuru is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
There is no such employee.
Hanife Gul is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 883
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Basri Kuru is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahur Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
There is no such employee.
Ejder Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahar Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacı Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Halim Sarac is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Aliaga branch is Galibe Ozen.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 2210
Isinsoy Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Beha Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gilyas Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalya Yigit is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch this month are: 2135
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulkadir Aydin is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokberk Ay is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 2241
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch this month are: 1718
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hazan Karahan is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
Ayfer Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
Darin Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Edra Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ira Yucel is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farah Alkan is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derya Alp is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch this month are: 1015
There is no such employee.
Diba Guler is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Guzelbahce branch is Abakay Aygun.
Manager of the Hani branch is Levin Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Galibe Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Levzi Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jengar Uzun is dismissed from branch: Agin.
There is no such employee.
Esved Kocak is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 1809
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Dal Kose.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch this month are: 1772
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Debernuş Uzun is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Hanife Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Aricak branch is Ebyar Dede.
Karakız Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Inanna Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feyza Ari is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Lavin Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 1907
Isinkan Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Afitap Erturk is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Karin Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Silivri branch is Leyal Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Medar Mengi is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasibe Tekin is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 2403
İlke Aydin is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Ferid Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canay Nas is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch this month are: 2255
Ajda Kucuk is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fakri Senol is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ertan Oz is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
Eğilmez Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Efehan Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavinya Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Erk Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 3129
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilsozi Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leyla Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fermande Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikri Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Delistan Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekenel Gunes is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceydanur Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Hurol Aktas is dismissed from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 1868
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 2277
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Benan Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Firuz Arslan is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ganimet Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 3417
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edgü Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanife Celik is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Etfal Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fuzuli Toprak is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gulsehir branch is Gazal Sari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Latife Ay is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch this month are: 2037
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Janseli Cetin is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Egealp Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 3082
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Dalan Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahiye Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Göçmen Cicek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 2682
Esmeray Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hulki Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Faize Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 1896
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başağa Gunay is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Pendik branch is Dijdar Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balca Gul is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilal Kaya is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İlkben Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 2852
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch this month are: 2415
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Kayra Tasdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fariha Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aybars Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eylem Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gayret Nas is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İlayda Alkan is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ajda Karahan is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayfer Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadra Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch this month are: 2339
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gemlik branch is Hizir Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 2772
Cannur Erturk is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yeditepe branch this month are: 3392
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 4382
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch this month are: 4602
There is no such employee.
Kamelya Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Habil Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Beha Balta is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irsat Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 2989
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 4322
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Alev Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Dirlik Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irsat Seker is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Felek Seker is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Harmancik branch is Evin Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gerçek Saglam is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Guzelbahce branch is Abakay Aygun.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cankaya branch is Irmak Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Burç Temel is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Katre Genc is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
Ihlamur Alp is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyan Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fehim Polat is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Hasbek Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 4579
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fecir Uzun is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kevser Aksu is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 95841
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 2535
Elbek Aktas is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Firuze Cetin.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 3132
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gewez Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deryab Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 5401
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canane Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erk Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erksin Ozen is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 4546
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 4459
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lebibe Karakas is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karaburun branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avanos branch this month are: 4892
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 3050
Basri Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
Bahar Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İffet Ari is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgar Acar is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 3902
Hafsa Akbas is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Dirlik Nas.
There is no such employee.
Meral Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feleytun Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Evin Genc is dismissed from branch: Pendik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch are: 98187
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 114
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch this month are: 213
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch are: 99641
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bakirkoy branch this month are: 237
There is no such employee.
Jiyan Ari is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch are: 96551
Manager of the Pendik branch is Dijdar Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cavlan Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahiye Dagdelen is leaving from branch: Yayladere.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 138
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jale Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch are: 98837
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch this month are: 149
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 457
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch this month are: 153
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Konak branch is Fermani Gunes.
There is no such employee.
Hakim Ari is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 195
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baglar branch is Feridun Aksu.
There is no such employee.
Madelet Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cezmiye Celik is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferda Erturk is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 484
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazıl Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch this month are: 368
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch are: 96907
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenyurt branch this month are: 404
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 313
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gaffur Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
Hamza Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Izzettin Yigit is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
Ishak Aydin is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 95783
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenler branch is Macide Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Harmancik branch is Evin Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch this month are: 499
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch are: 95166
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hulusi Avci is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 492
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 685
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdurrahman Celik is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
Haveri Avci is leaving from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Benay Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bangu Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
Erdenay Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 774
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch are: 87433
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch are: 92497
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Dirlik Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hani branch are: 98978
Banu Aygun is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 895
Total bonuses for the Urla branch are: 91472
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 97329
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karacabey branch is Izgutay Aktas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yeditepe branch this month are: 221
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Behçet Karakas is leaving from branch: Aricak.
Dilfiruz Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 387
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch are: 95759
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 397
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kavin Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gemlik branch is Hizir Mengi.
Hanbeğendi Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch this month are: 1481
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Janset Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faize Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 795
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 743
There is no such employee.
Ebrak Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Havin Sahin is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derin Gul is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Aysu Yildirim.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 1458
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 574
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Egezade Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menderes branch is Mahmude Alp.
There is no such employee.
Gencaslan Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Asiye Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
Cazibe Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kinik branch is Mahrur Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 1238
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Evrensel Mert is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
Fahri Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch are: 97999
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 886
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 1183
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karacabey branch is Izgutay Aktas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Maya Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lİna Kuru is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jasmin Genc is leaving from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenler branch is Macide Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 1230
Gerçek Akpinar is leaving from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Benan Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Mahrur Ucar is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 1373
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Hüdaverdi Ari.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch are: 99056
There is no such employee.
Hatunana Ozen is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
Gokben Ipek is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abay Senol is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Jilda Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahiye Dagdelen is leaving from branch: Gudul.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch this month are: 1547
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ganime Celik is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Konak branch is Fermani Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Jilda Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Faize Taskin.
There is no such employee.
Berkay Demirci is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lİla Celik is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Füreyya Mengi.
Hulki Aktas is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasret Karahan is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Camlidere branch is Habibullah Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch are: 89526
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menderes branch is Mahmude Alp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ledeyna Koc is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karacabey branch this month are: 2205
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 1876
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Hafız Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aydonat Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch this month are: 1399
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayansel Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Abdulkadir Temel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch are: 98643
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadice Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hazan Mengi is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
Ilbas Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Destan Kilic is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch are: 97034
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokay Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch are: 95229
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch are: 88023
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Katre Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch are: 96366
There is no such employee.
Lavanta Aygun is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch are: 96928
There is no such employee.
Karya Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abat Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 2152
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baran Genc is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 1436
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch are: 97310
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch are: 100419
There is no such employee.
Faysal Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Füreyya Mengi.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch this month are: 2219
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 2148
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Konak branch is Fermani Gunes.
There is no such employee.
Lerzan Saglam is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jengar Ari is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Hanife Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ezra Cetin is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
Fıda Aslan is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bakirkoy branch are: 99737
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 2390
Edaay Senol is leaving from branch: Avanos.
Manager of the Karaburun branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huri Gunay is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
Fatmanur Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sahinbey branch is Hakim Taskin.
Acarbike Ipek is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
Bediz Sarac is leaving from branch: Konak.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 2391
There is no such employee.
Ferzin Elmas is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 1743
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lamia Yucel is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Karin Gunes.
There is no such employee.
Fahir Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kagithane branch is Abadan Arslan.
Ildir Saglam is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
Abdulkadir Akpinar is leaving from branch: Haymana.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Ekim Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 1484
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakan Aydogan is leaving from branch: Bayindir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menderes branch is Mahmude Alp.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch are: 99145
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delistan Alp is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Ferid Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hani branch is Levin Yilmazer.
Dehna Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch are: 96890
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erensu Toker is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hincal Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ajda Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
Kardan Toprak is dismissed from branch: Agin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Lavin Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Makber Tasdemir is leaving from branch: Adalar.
Bahtiyar Karakas is leaving from branch: Pendik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aydin Erturk is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 1502
Isfendiyar Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 2213
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dal Ay is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Janseli Er is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 2621
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Gizer Aydemir.
Dünya Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 1961
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch this month are: 2496
There is no such employee.
Gizem Ay is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Selcuk branch is Deryanur Senol.
Dündar Karakas is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
Belgi Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aber Erkan is leaving from branch: Haymana.
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch are: 95740
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Cankut Avci.
There is no such employee.
Levin Gul is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Ilbey Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Inanna Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch this month are: 3484
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adalar branch is Barut Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kısmet Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berkan Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 2531
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch this month are: 2449
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 3935
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacer Uzun is leaving from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahzure Gunes is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acer Seker is leaving from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamra Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 2897
There is no such employee.
Haluk Gunay is leaving from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hazal Mert is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Devrim Yildiran is leaving from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 2897
There is no such employee.
Dildan Aydin is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Atilla Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bakirkoy branch are: 99990
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dirim Bayrak is leaving from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 2269
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belde Aytac is leaving from branch: Ergani.
Manager of the Guzelbahce branch is Abakay Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 2674
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bangu Mengi is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazıl Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 2373
Manager of the Adalar branch is Barut Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Garibe Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbas Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch are: 105258
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch are: 92551
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avanos branch are: 100330
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Dirlik Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch are: 91422
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canel Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 3551
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch this month are: 3483
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch this month are: 2781
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gulsehir branch is Gazal Sari.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch are: 102020
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Himmet Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adakli branch is Gece Yigit.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kısmet Saglam is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavanta Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Doganyol branch is Fenni Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canela Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farik Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Islahiye branch is Gokben Ay.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 3203
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 3033
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feridun Seker is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch are: 98846
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch are: 103205
Ferhat Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
Cezlan Genc is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 96831
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mamure Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abakan/Abakay Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
Manager of the Kucukcekmece branch is Jilda Ozturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazel Gurbuz is leaving from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abak Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 3499
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch this month are: 2832
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Agin branch is Alev Kilicaslan.
Duran Aygun is leaving from branch: Umraniye.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 3196
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Dirlik Nas.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 2625
There is no such employee.
Birsoy Gunay is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Altindag branch this month are: 2727
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch are: 99084
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Silivri branch is Leyal Gunay.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aliaga branch this month are: 3427
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Aricak branch is Ebyar Dede.
Erna Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Hüdaverdi Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Harika Ay is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Esved Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 99217
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Hafız Demir.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Mayra Demir.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Hüdaverdi Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 3379
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Abak Celik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aybars Yildiran is leaving from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Filinta Kucuk is leaving from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mesudane Kilic is leaving from branch: Aliaga.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazale Demirci is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 1
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdibike Senol is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch are: 98124
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch are: 94555
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahfer Ipek is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Selcuk branch is Deryanur Senol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belde Yigit is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Afitap Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lerzan Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Barbaros Durmaz is leaving from branch: Kecioren.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Lavin Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamelya Kilicarslan is leaving from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kale branch is Ceydasu Sarac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hani branch is Levin Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch this month are: 263
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bengisu Yasar is leaving from branch: Cankaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lebriz Nas is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 837
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Furkan Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 462
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haluk Taskin is leaving from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Göçmen Aktas is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Fırtına Yucel is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelenay Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bozdemir Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch are: 93807
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kecioren branch is Faide Kara.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdenay Gul is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch are: 96947
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kecioren branch is Faide Kara.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Katre Kocaman.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch this month are: 578
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Firuze Cetin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jengar Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch are: 103524
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 107111
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazilet Tekin is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch are: 98721
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halim Saglam is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch are: 101935
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Debernuş Toker is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Abdulkadir Temel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecrin Ay is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kagithane branch is Abadan Arslan.
Manager of the Basaksehir branch is Fırat Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lerze Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch are: 98680
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 1644
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huseyin Er is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatih Er is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Ezra Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hazan Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadice Yucel is leaving from branch: Cankaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanbey Nas is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ezgi Yigit is leaving from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fahrettin Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch are: 103970
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkiz Yigit is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Alara Cicek.
Dehan Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch are: 100736
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isfendiyar Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
Gencaslan Saglam is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
Lara Oz is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Göçmen Aytac is leaving from branch: Esenyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Katre Aytac is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
There is no such employee.
Leylak Yucel is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch this month are: 1155
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Janbek Durmaz is leaving from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 1279
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Faize Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Maltepe branch is Felin Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
Ishak Sari is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edayi Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch are: 102241
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Heper Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
Karsel Ozturk is leaving from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eren Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Maltepe branch is Felin Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalya Yavuz is leaving from branch: Kartal.
Canel Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bilal Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Cankut Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbilge Oz is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Maya Aktas is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Ezra Yilmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecenaz Koc is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 2236
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halilullah Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
Abadın Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aliaga branch this month are: 1638
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huray Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bera Ozen is leaving from branch: Harmancik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fer Senol is leaving from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
Bahanur Ozen is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahanur Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bilal Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilfeza Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Beylikduzu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasbek Oz is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatma Koc is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hani branch is Levin Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sahinbey branch is Hakim Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gazel Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbilge Gunes is leaving from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Harmancik branch is Evin Arslan.
Manager of the Pendik branch is Dijdar Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilkat Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadik Mert is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karsel Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
Jerfi Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbey Kara is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch are: 100918
Ekber Genc is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch this month are: 2560
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halide Gunes is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Canel Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
Hadis Ay is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
Faik Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch are: 101608
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch are: 104991
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadice Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch are: 104806
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Islahiye branch is Gokben Ay.
Fekahet Polat is leaving from branch: Islahiye.
Fahri Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hafize Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch are: 98068
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bakirkoy branch is Afet Buyuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kagithane branch is Abadan Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fatoş Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Ferid Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakay Nas is leaving from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatoş Temel is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 2266
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Efdal Kuru is leaving from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ishak Cicek is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 101495
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 4552
Belemir Erturk is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
Manager of the Kucukcekmece branch is Jilda Ozturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Birmen Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Bakirkoy branch is Afet Buyuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Basaksehir branch is Fırat Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Alara Cicek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamide Tuncer is leaving from branch: Beylikduzu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canhanım Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
Jalenur Genc is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Igdemir Gul is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalbaş Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch this month are: 2527
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farik Karahan is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ersevim Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Burak Elmas is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Basri Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazele Kucuk is leaving from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulrezzak Demirci is leaving from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kaila/Kayla Aytac is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecegül Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
Kahya Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sariyer branch is Filiz Cengiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulkadir Temel is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
There is no such employee.
Gece Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Kayra Tasdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Damra Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Hüdaverdi Ari.
Manager of the Fatih branch is Leylan Toker.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch are: 104824
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Hafız Demir.
Gizer Sarac is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fakri Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gamze Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ezgi Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 2655
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch are: 108182
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 5310
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lebibe Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch are: 101532
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 2975
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acarbey Gunes is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch are: 103862
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Donat Duran is leaving from branch: Esenyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farik Sahin is leaving from branch: Agin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 3254
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihsan Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gamze Kocak is leaving from branch: Menderes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lebriz Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch are: 103597
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eylem Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahar Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakikat Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Merze Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Katre Kocaman.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch this month are: 3737
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 3010
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sariyer branch is Filiz Cengiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gulsehir branch is Gazal Sari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulkadir Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ikan Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Baskın Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karacabey branch this month are: 3598
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 3360
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abuşka Sahin is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Firuze Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feray Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Galip Kilic is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Furkan Duran is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dehna Ari is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
Hafsa Demirci is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch this month are: 3861
Geray Polat is leaving from branch: Genc.
Ferah Tasdemir is leaving from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch are: 100804
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Igdemir Ipek is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Esennur Elmas is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakim Mert is leaving from branch: Selcuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fatoş Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhunde Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karacabey branch is Izgutay Aktas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Diclehatun Aksu is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
Dündar Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceydanur Alp is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hulki Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hulki Dede is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 4580
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Havva Sarac is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazil Erkan is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canan Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
Donat Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fenniye Toker is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch this month are: 4080
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 3330
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menderes branch is Mahmude Alp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acunalp Avci is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
Hikmet Duran is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faize Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdullah Aygun is leaving from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hades Aytac is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cankaya branch is Irmak Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazıl Alp is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acarbey Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Burak Gunes is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aba Yigit is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Gizer Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Meserret Alp is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abendam Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jilda Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekin Aytac is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jeyan Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
Gaffur Er is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hafız Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canece Senol is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
There is no such employee.
Ayberk Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Galibe Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch are: 106224
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jergar Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Dalan Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Macide Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
Erim Nas is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahrem Arslan is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Latife Toker is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Lavin Tuncer.
Kardem Balta is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başar Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ekim Sahin is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eceseren Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mecide Er is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceyhan Sarac is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karsu Gunes is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iris Alkan is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch are: 97776
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Durul Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatma Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch are: 102703
Gewez Aslan is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch are: 102743
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bala Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Enginsel Ari is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch are: 107155
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Filiz Dag is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
Felek Alp is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
There is no such employee.
Isfendiyar Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elacık Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Efdal Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lerze Kuru is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İdil Akbas is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abat Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadra Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyan Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch are: 113785
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahamra Genc is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
Fadıla Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abad Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ishak Karahan is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceydacan Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haldun Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazel Dede is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch are: 108105
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Emetullah Kaya is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gece Seker is dismissed from branch: Pendik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farah Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceren Kara is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
Adalet Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faraziye Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihvan Celik is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
Damra Sahin is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgar Yasar is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch are: 103599
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isfendiyar Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch are: 112004
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Abdulkadir Temel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ikan Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lamia Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kinik branch is Mahrur Yildirim.
Galibe Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Dirlik Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ezgi Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahir Dag is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch are: 111412
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanzala Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch are: 104714
There is no such employee.
Ezgi Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Behçet Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berk Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Eftal Gunay is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karacabey branch is Izgutay Aktas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dorukhan Kocak is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamuran Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erk Celik is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Ekim Toker.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 108187
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahizar Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gazel Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aba Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gizmen Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abak Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Can Saglam is leaving from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erensu Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilfeza Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceydanur Erkan is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ganime Alp is dismissed from branch: Hani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalbaş Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch are: 110161
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahariye Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ezra Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Madelet Erkan is promoted from Cook to Manager.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gıyas Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Debernuş Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhat Ozen is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
There is no such employee.
Elbek Toprak is leaving from branch: Beylikduzu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bala Aktas is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fevzi Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adakli branch is Gece Yigit.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gencal Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fakihe Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dilsafa Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecmel Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyla Yigit is leaving from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cilvekar Yucel is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Figen Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jarin Karakas is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilsafa Aslan is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Filiz Gunes is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canece Kose is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baskın Kaya is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Meserret Ozdemir is leaving from branch: Menderes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdülalim Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavin Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Hüdaverdi Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duru Uzun is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Karin Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadil Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Hüdaverdi Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gediz Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Danyal Guler is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Füreyya Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahiye Sarac is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fenniye Tuncer is leaving from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamelya Kocaman is leaving from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecrin Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jutenya Erturk is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferdi Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hamis Sahin is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cavlan Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecehan Aksu is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demir Ozen is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jengar Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Agin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bangu Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belemir Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ikan Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Insel Taskin is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jeyan Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hazan Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilcan Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duman Erturk is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayansel Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hayal Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ermiye Karahan is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lema Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hurol Uzun is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecegül Uzun is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Behçet Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahmure Aydin is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Bahriye Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Firuz Ozdemir is leaving from branch: Arguvan.
Evgin Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Hani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Birol Seker is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faruk Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazale Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Meserret Dede is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baglar branch is Feridun Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Darin Kilic is dismissed from branch: Agin.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faize Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
Haveri Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 0
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 108
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Alev Er is leaving from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gemlik branch is Hizir Mengi.
Hakikat Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mefharet Genc is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 108
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Eftal Erturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fulya Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch are: 101808
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch this month are: 76
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 29
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avanos branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasret Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Aba Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Katre Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch are: 103562
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Itri Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch this month are: 66
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 576
Manager of the Agin branch is Alev Kilicaslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 485
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Abak Celik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch are: 111748
Fena Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylifer Kaya is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Katre Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 163
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch are: 103977
There is no such employee.
Abaza Yildiran is leaving from branch: Menderes.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Gihev Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aydemir Cicek is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch are: 111413
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 644
Manager of the Gemlik branch is Hizir Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahariye Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hincal Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 158
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamiyet Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Doganyol branch is Fenni Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 416
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch this month are: 238
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch are: 107776
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aziz Koc is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbilge Ipek is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baran Akpinar is leaving from branch: Islahiye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch are: 116360
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 349
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahsure Gunay is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
Gihev Seker is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamile Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dünya Karakas is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Aliaga branch is Galibe Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deryanur Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fecir Elmas is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 756
Cannur Temel is leaving from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 609
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Füreyya Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mayra Koc is leaving from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 477
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecevit Toker is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hidayet Erkan is leaving from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kale branch is Ceydasu Sarac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haki Arslan is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 118543
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 423
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yeditepe branch is Efehan Kaya.
Total bonuses for the Bakirkoy branch this month are: 381
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch are: 111485
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dirlik Alkan is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch this month are: 144
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 917
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazale Celik is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hani branch is Levin Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 116524
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Memduha Kocak is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kecioren branch this month are: 435
Kamile Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 65
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Ekim Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Açelya Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Dalan Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
Jasmin Ozen is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch are: 107958
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 517
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch this month are: 477
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch are: 97955
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhan Karakas is leaving from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch are: 111825
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Diclehatun Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ajda Ari is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
Lebriz Temel is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ertunga Nas is leaving from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch are: 110961
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch this month are: 1157
Banu Erdogan is leaving from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 1203
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 1751
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch are: 110615
Manager of the Avanos branch is Ferdi Aydogan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fehim Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karacabey branch this month are: 473
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenyurt branch is Filizer Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fahrettin Alp is leaving from branch: Palu.
Manager of the Kecioren branch is Faide Kara.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kale branch is Ceydasu Sarac.
Ecrin Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Ekim Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch are: 111336
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilkeste Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch are: 112957
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch are: 111003
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Feleytun Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch this month are: 1201
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch are: 107371
There is no such employee.
Derem Kocak is leaving from branch: Hani.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Selcuk branch this month are: 1031
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 1973
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bakirkoy branch is Afet Buyuk.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Aysu Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
Elmira Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch are: 111826
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cezlan Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahriye Oz is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch are: 115479
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch this month are: 589
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Hanife Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Makber Seker is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Celile Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch this month are: 1803
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Dal Kose.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch this month are: 2139
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenyurt branch this month are: 1261
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Karin Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasibe Genc is leaving from branch: Camlidere.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch this month are: 2300
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch this month are: 596
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kale branch is Ceydasu Sarac.
Behçet Alkan is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 1493
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gudul branch is Ilbas Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Basaksehir branch is Fırat Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 1157
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Feleytun Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hazan Aytac is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 1697
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenler branch is Macide Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch are: 112921
Dündar Sahin is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 1661
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fekahet Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fazil Kara is leaving from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 1399
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demirezen Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 2023
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Badem Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Abak Celik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aysu Kara is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Larasu Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch this month are: 1595
Manager of the Esenler branch is Macide Genc.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch this month are: 1645
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferahfeza Gul is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fecir Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
Mahinur Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Konak branch is Fermani Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kecioren branch are: 115585
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecesoy Sarac is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Konak branch is Fermani Gunes.
Kadriye Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 2184
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bakirkoy branch are: 112526
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 1013
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 1646
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenyurt branch is Filizer Nas.
Feray Sarac is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdoğan Gunes is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch are: 112240
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İclal Erkan is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch this month are: 1373
Manager of the Adalar branch is Barut Durmaz.
Ceydacan Dede is leaving from branch: Hani.
Total bonuses for the Altindag branch this month are: 2281
There is no such employee.
Gece Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 2600
Ihsan Alkan is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cihanay Balta is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 2007
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceydacan Erkan is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Balkin Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Aricak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karaburun branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 110007
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bediz Mengi is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gale Alkan is leaving from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenyurt branch this month are: 1533
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch this month are: 1393
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch this month are: 3167
There is no such employee.
Bergen Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
Abay Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yeditepe branch this month are: 934
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 1830
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayfer Demir is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
Azad Er is leaving from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 2122
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 2824
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 110955
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erksin Arslan is dismissed from branch: Agin.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Ferhat Karakas.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Abakan/Abakay Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch this month are: 1668
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhat Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Medar Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 1734
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 2170
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch this month are: 2062
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch this month are: 1945
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aybars Aksoy is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 117756
Manager of the Kale branch is Ceydasu Sarac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch are: 114305
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 2811
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 2170
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jasmin Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Karin Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch are: 116730
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 2283
Manager of the Evren branch is Insel Yildiran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ikram Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 2283
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 2522
Ece Cengiz is leaving from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Alara Cicek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Agin branch is Alev Kilicaslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sahinbey branch is Hakim Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adakli branch is Gece Yigit.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hani branch is Levin Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baglar branch is Feridun Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 2755
Duru Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cavide Kuru is leaving from branch: Maltepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bagatur Seker is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 3001
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dildar Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derem Kaya is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch are: 105288
There is no such employee.
Fecir Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Dirlik Nas.
Afitap Karakas is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 2447
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Aricak branch is Ebyar Dede.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch this month are: 2798
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch this month are: 2798
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazh Gunes is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kale branch is Ceydasu Sarac.
Cansel Oz is leaving from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 2882
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 1926
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatma Nas is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 111675
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Guzelbahce branch is Abakay Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch are: 111959
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adalar branch is Barut Durmaz.
Manager of the Esenler branch is Macide Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch this month are: 225
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kecioren branch this month are: 35
There is no such employee.
Doğannur Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Jarin Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adalar branch is Barut Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kecioren branch is Faide Kara.
Manager of the Aliaga branch is Galibe Ozen.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Hafız Demir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayberk Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 299
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Damra Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Afitap Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ishak Kose is leaving from branch: Bismil.
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Gizer Aydemir.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 257
Manager of the Karacabey branch is Izgutay Aktas.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch are: 115766
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Füreyya Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Hafız Demir.
Donat Polat is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Bagatur Kocak is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilaver Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceydasu Sahin is leaving from branch: Selcuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Aliaga branch is Galibe Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kinik branch is Mahrur Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilhami Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch this month are: 472
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalya Duran is dismissed from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 401
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch this month are: 485
Elbek Mengi is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 426
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yeditepe branch is Efehan Kaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdal Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Manager of the Agin branch is Alev Kilicaslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 783
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch this month are: 439
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 507
Belgin Ucar is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Hulusi Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 802
There is no such employee.
Germa Nas is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch this month are: 562
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 936
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Harmancik branch is Evin Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch are: 114225
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch are: 112311
Leyla Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch this month are: 736
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch are: 112340
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Fatih branch is Leylan Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aziz Bayrak is leaving from branch: Beydag.
Burak Seker is dismissed from branch: Agin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Faize Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daya Kara is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mefharet Avci is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch this month are: 850
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamit Oz is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Islahiye branch is Gokben Ay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başar Ceylan is leaving from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch are: 115443
Total bonuses for the Agin branch this month are: 432
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkiz Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch are: 113335
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erensu Avci is leaving from branch: Karacabey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 1283
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch this month are: 1086
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 1605
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch are: 114059
There is no such employee.
Belgin Gunes is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 1146
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecem Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 2205
There is no such employee.
Belen Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch this month are: 1191
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 109063
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Katre Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 112731
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canane Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abadın Ipek is leaving from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iraz Yildiran is leaving from branch: Odemis.
Ihvan Toprak is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch this month are: 1378
Baran Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Janbek Aslan is dismissed from branch: Hani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 1679
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 1296
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gerçek Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch are: 116984
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Lavin Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Himmet Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Manager of the Palu branch is Göçmen Cicek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abaza Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Selcuk branch are: 106275
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Selcuk branch is Deryanur Senol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 1255
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adakli branch is Gece Yigit.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Dirlik Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Banu Elmas is dismissed from branch: Hani.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hani branch is Levin Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch are: 110751
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 1420
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferzin Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
Abakan/Abakay Oz is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Mediha Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aliaga branch this month are: 2707
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Itri Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Merzuka Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch are: 117396
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalan Sari is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gazel Genc.
Manager of the Gemlik branch is Hizir Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahinur Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 2157
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hüdaverdi Polat is leaving from branch: Karacabey.
Hale Senol is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Loya Celik is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Altindag branch this month are: 1535
There is no such employee.
Dildan Kaya is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Gizer Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
Gazi Erdogan is leaving from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 2063
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fuad Erturk is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fekahet Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 2238
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mamure Alp is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
Erendil Aktas is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Altindag branch is Burç Yavuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 1381
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Evren branch is Insel Yildiran.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Firuze Cetin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 1932
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch this month are: 1479
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ildiz Toker is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
Total bonuses for the Selcuk branch this month are: 1762
Bergen Aydin is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Hafız Saglam.
İdil Kose is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Abakan/Abakay Ozen.
Insel Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gulsehir branch is Gazal Sari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cankat Aydin is dismissed from branch: Agin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch this month are: 1489
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylüfer Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch this month are: 1900
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 1989
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fenni Alkan is leaving from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Ferid Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch this month are: 1810
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gezgin Erturk is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch this month are: 2965
Erdoğan Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahfer Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feyza Ekinci is leaving from branch: Palu.
Medar Aksu is leaving from branch: Kucukcekmece.
Aysel Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yeditepe branch this month are: 1898
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belemir Yavuz is leaving from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Lavin Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lamiha Sahin is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karaburun branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 3109
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abduş Acar is leaving from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edhem Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Macide Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
Manager of the Maltepe branch is Felin Sahiner.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch this month are: 2965
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bakirkoy branch are: 116400
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Husamettin Seker is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Hanife Balta.
There is no such employee.
Diba Aksu is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 1962
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 2463
Ilkcan Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ertan Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Macide Koc is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farika Ipek is leaving from branch: Pendik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayindir branch this month are: 2464
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 2515
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 2305
There is no such employee.
Dilkeste Dede is leaving from branch: Hazro.
Kardelen Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Filinta Seker is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karaburun branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Firuze Cetin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İlke Acar is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
Dünya Kara is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Destecan Demir is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 3917
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Firdevsi Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakay Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
Belen Senol is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch are: 120161
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch this month are: 2051
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch are: 116354
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yeditepe branch this month are: 2194
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Doganyol branch is Fenni Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Selcuk branch is Deryanur Senol.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch this month are: 2850
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feridun Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 3056
There is no such employee.
Janseli Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karen Ozturk is leaving from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Katmer Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 2415
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch are: 108382
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch are: 120432
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch are: 116148
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cankaya branch is Irmak Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bergen Cicek is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch are: 109455
Aleyna Guler is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gamze Arslan is leaving from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch this month are: 3141
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Burç Koc is leaving from branch: Silivri.
Dirok Gunay is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
Emel Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Hüdaverdi Ari.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch are: 114673
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 4529
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Aysu Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Basaksehir branch is Fırat Karahan.
There is no such employee.
Janseli Mengi is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahiye Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abendam Polat is leaving from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch are: 109920
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadire Polat is leaving from branch: Aricak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdi Mert is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 3024
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bakirkoy branch is Afet Buyuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadıla Yucel is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekin Mengi is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Hulusi Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irmak Celik is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch are: 117139
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Göçmen Oz is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 5254
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avanos branch is Ferdi Aydogan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Fatih branch is Leylan Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hani branch is Levin Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Karin Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Selcuk branch this month are: 3869
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kader Alp is leaving from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch this month are: 3039
There is no such employee.
Berk Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch this month are: 4157
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Merze Sari is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avanos branch are: 115629
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Irsad Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadriye Genc is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Esved Kuru is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch this month are: 3793
Erk Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Feleytun Erkan.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Göçmen Cicek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kecioren branch this month are: 2130
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch are: 118666
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Göçmen Cicek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duran Aytac is leaving from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Dalan Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Aysu Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karacabey branch this month are: 2531
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 3496
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiyar Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Agin.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 3537
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Kayra Tasdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adakli branch is Gece Yigit.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 5390
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dirlik Yasar is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 4936
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 3283
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilkcan Temel is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilemma Aydin is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halef Cetin is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsiyaka branch is Erdem Ipek.
Lamia Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Birmen Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kardelen Avci is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 4823
There is no such employee.
Ferahfeza Cetin is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
Fuzuli Arslan is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Hulusi Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch this month are: 4221
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch this month are: 4093
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ledeyna Sari is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hurel Yildirim is leaving from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulkadir Gunes is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch this month are: 4570
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ira Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gezgin Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Caneda Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayindir branch this month are: 4221
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch this month are: 3587
Aykut Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch are: 112570
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch are: 117861
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamile Seker is leaving from branch: Gudul.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gewez Koc is leaving from branch: Umraniye.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 54
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jaledar Yuksel is leaving from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 315
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 116
There is no such employee.
Kayansel Korkmaz is leaving from branch: Adalar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelenay Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahar Tekin is leaving from branch: Islahiye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İlayda Kilic is leaving from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fecir Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Azmi Gunes is leaving from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilfigar Karakas is leaving from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 116104
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 267
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jehat Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acunalp Cetin is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch are: 116271
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 465
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferzin Aksu is leaving from branch: Aliaga.
There is no such employee.
Melike Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
Farah Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Pendik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jarin Gul is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bartu Akpinar is leaving from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Evgin Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Pendik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecevit Ay is leaving from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Harmancik branch is Evin Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch are: 117221
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkiz Karahan is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
Aba Kucuk is leaving from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayra Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Füreyya Karakas is leaving from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Makber Yucel is leaving from branch: Guzelbahce.
Cezlan Demirci is leaving from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bilal Yigit is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hurkan Celik is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bakirkoy branch this month are: 411
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahmure Saglam is leaving from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Egealp Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feleytun Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasbek Ceylan is leaving from branch: Kinik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 525
There is no such employee.
Hilmi Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hilmi Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahperi Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Istemihan Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Jilda Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Behin Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch are: 113138
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch are: 114769
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belde Duran is dismissed from branch: Kale.
Bahtiyar Ucar is dismissed from branch: Pendik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Laylank Arslan is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Himmet Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Agin.
Bahiye Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch this month are: 1120
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 1444
There is no such employee.
Ayaz Cengiz is leaving from branch: Menemen.
Aba Temel is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Selcuk branch this month are: 820
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch are: 120661
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demiralp Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aybars Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch are: 119081
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aziz Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahibe Sari is leaving from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Memduha Kucuk is leaving from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aliaga branch are: 125609
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch are: 122326
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch are: 122830
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Donat Kose is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baran Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Selcuk branch is Deryanur Senol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bartu Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edahses Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 1674
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lema Koc is dismissed from branch: Agin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Birmen Dede is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hafize Ceylan is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İlkben Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 897
Adalan Ceylan is leaving from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canece Elmas is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
There is no such employee.
Geray Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Cankut Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 108419
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Levin Kucuk is leaving from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gale Kuru is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikrettin Aksu is leaving from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 1236
There is no such employee.
Danyal Aygun is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferruh Yildiran is leaving from branch: Harmancik.
İkbal Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aliaga branch this month are: 1755
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch this month are: 1651
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch are: 127362
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Gihev Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikrettin Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch are: 119993
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karin Akpinar is leaving from branch: Cankaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Garabed Taskin is leaving from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch are: 122465
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahrem Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Benan Kilicarslan is leaving from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferzin Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hades Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch this month are: 1774
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalım Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch are: 107116
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 2646
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karen Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch are: 116004
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Madelet Korkmaz is leaving from branch: Agin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eylem Arslan is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiyar Ozdemir is leaving from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
Ilhami Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isinkan Cetin is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cansel Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch are: 117337
Esennur Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yeditepe branch this month are: 1763
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gani Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch are: 113160
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Jilda Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch are: 120175
Manager of the Selcuk branch is Deryanur Senol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faris Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duman Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acunalp Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Doganyol branch is Fenni Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilfeza Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch this month are: 3027
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daristan Yavuz is leaving from branch: Cankaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch are: 111216
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aykut Mert is leaving from branch: Menemen.
Mahizar Dag is leaving from branch: Evren.
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch this month are: 2576
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch are: 113845
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deha Erdogan is leaving from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mayra Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 3001
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Handan Erdogan is leaving from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bakirkoy branch this month are: 2339
There is no such employee.
Abgun Kocak is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 2632
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Mayra Demir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch this month are: 2204
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gezgin Aksu is leaving from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch are: 117860
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch are: 120072
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 2722
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch are: 119132
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Beliz Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilham Kuru is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 2622
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch this month are: 3935
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 3102
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgi Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 4144
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceren Kara is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
Istemihan Yavuz is leaving from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fidan Avci is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Filizer Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Durul Mengi is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
Jarin Sahin is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
Ilgi Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch are: 114278
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hizir Ceylan is leaving from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ikram Taskin is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch are: 116418
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Durul Karakas is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch this month are: 161
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Germa Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derince Uzun is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
Firdevsi Erkan is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ganime Aslan is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyli Alkan is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 244
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 234
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Memduha Erturk is leaving from branch: Maltepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch are: 119568
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch are: 121461
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fecri Dede is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch are: 121721
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch are: 127421
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 387
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aliaga branch this month are: 584
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Filizer Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
Hanife Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bakirkoy branch are: 121479
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karakız Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ezra Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch are: 121560
There is no such employee.
Dalsar Aslan is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch this month are: 199
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferruh Demirci is leaving from branch: Aliaga.
Faraziye Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
Berkan Dede is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahsure Yigit is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 995
There is no such employee.
Donat Gul is leaving from branch: Kucukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Darcan Yildiz is leaving from branch: Aricak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delistan Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch this month are: 245
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch are: 118563
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch are: 116220
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Meriç Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İffet Kilic is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Bahriye Temel is leaving from branch: Sancaktepe.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch this month are: 680
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch this month are: 733
There is no such employee.
Cihanay Demir is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Cemresu Arslan is leaving from branch: Aricak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abak Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 942
Fatine Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch are: 112786
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch this month are: 1363
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Altindag branch are: 105597
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iraz Ay is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karacabey branch this month are: 971
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 911
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kafiye Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
Danyal Seker is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gogen Koc is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanbeğendi Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Madelet Taskin is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch this month are: 1259
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isinsoy Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch are: 120046
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch this month are: 1260
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Katun Temel is leaving from branch: Karacabey.
Ilgi Dag is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jarin Aydogan is leaving from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalım Gunes is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
There is no such employee.
Mesudane Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
Hafız Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Birmen Erkan is leaving from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karaca Akpinar is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamile Kocak is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatih Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 2500
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 2409
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Handan Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canel Ipek is leaving from branch: Aricak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch are: 119178
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fariha Yildirim is leaving from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 1254
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Geray Yuksel is leaving from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Altindag branch are: 107065
Mahrume Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hani branch are: 126507
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 1538
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cankat Yildiran is leaving from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahanur Yigit is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch are: 122694
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canfeza Aksu is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mayra Tekin is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 2328
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazi Aktas is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch are: 124922
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch are: 127054
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erk Celik is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 2692
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 1500
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Durukan Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fehim Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cilvekar Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Danyal Senol is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadriye Bayrak is leaving from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ergin Aksu is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Caneda Balta is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
Total bonuses for the Selcuk branch are: 114645
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 2866
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferdi Er is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilkat Er is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lerzan Aktas is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
Felin Kilic is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch are: 129319
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasbek Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hejmar Kose is leaving from branch: Selcuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kahya Gul is leaving from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karaburun branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 2172
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch are: 131277
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch are: 123918
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bartu Alp is leaving from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch this month are: 2589
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch this month are: 1677
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 2365
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdullah Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Hani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch are: 118074
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 2531
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilfeza Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch this month are: 2618
Total bonuses for the Agin branch are: 117051
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch this month are: 2511
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cemalnur Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beylikduzu branch is Esved Tasdemir.
Husam Ozen is leaving from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadil Kucuk is leaving from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
Damla Sahiner is leaving from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 3716
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch this month are: 3222
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derman Erturk is leaving from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yeditepe branch this month are: 2471
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Havle Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abak Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch this month are: 2627
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch this month are: 2595
Basri Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 3109
There is no such employee.
Ihya Duran is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilsozi Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch are: 120169
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dirok Erkan is leaving from branch: Baglar.
Ferhat Toker is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 3023
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 3581
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayindir branch is Berke Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazire Kilic is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 2343
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilsafa Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkiz Senol is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dirim Guler is leaving from branch: Karacabey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lamiye Acar is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kale branch is Ceydasu Sarac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch this month are: 2213
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 3109
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch are: 120357
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadriye Kara is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamer Koc is leaving from branch: Menderes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch this month are: 3438
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lal Yildiz is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Caneda Acar is leaving from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Janbek Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch this month are: 4966
There is no such employee.
Başak Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Konak.
Hasret Durmaz is leaving from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demir Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 3288
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch are: 121490
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadire Seker is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Asuman Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch are: 126563
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 126
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Hanife Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayvaz Akbas is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 0
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 145
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebecen Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch this month are: 328
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Celvetiye Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch this month are: 357
There is no such employee.
Iknat Acar is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferzin Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jenin Aygun is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Doruk Polat is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch this month are: 357
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belgi Tekin is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch are: 126891
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hazan Karahan is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 220
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatma Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avanos branch this month are: 227
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mensure Aktas is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch this month are: 977
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 1090
Gencaslan Karakas is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch this month are: 540
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belemir Yucel is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Atilgan Kilic is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fırtına Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihya Kara is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Asli Guler is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kecioren branch this month are: 1021
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhunde Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hani branch this month are: 632
Total bonuses for the Kecioren branch this month are: 1021
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farise Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdem Gunay is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karacabey branch this month are: 593
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalan Aydin is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hazal Koc is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Aber Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
Canfeza Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 1984
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilemma Uzun is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hatunana Duran is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferdi Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 2367
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lerze Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derman Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 1122
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch are: 128613
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch are: 118923
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Girin Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faris Seker is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilham Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 1930
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 2291
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 1595
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 2175
Bangu Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch are: 111347
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Caneda Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayra Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch this month are: 1765
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duran Kaya is leaving from branch: Bakirkoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yeditepe branch this month are: 2217
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahperi Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abaza Aslan is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazire Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Hani.
There is no such employee.
Dayahatun Yasar is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aytunç Uzun is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 2555
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 2687
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch this month are: 2226
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazel Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
There is no such employee.
Giram Polat is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch this month are: 1621
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faruk Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lİna Kara is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fermande Guler is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilkeste Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch this month are: 2226
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasbek Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 2641
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 2650
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isfendiyar Dag is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cemresu Kuru is dismissed from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ece Yasar is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamdullah Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 3689
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Darin Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habil Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kecioren branch this month are: 2640
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 4218
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abgun Ari is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 117554
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch are: 122266
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gulsehir branch is Gazal Sari.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 3329
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dijdar Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch this month are: 2518
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hidayet Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Pendik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 2579
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 3118
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 5115
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duru Taskin is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Esennur Elmas is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayra Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenyurt branch this month are: 4930
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irsad Gunay is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hani branch are: 130830
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fehim Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebubekir Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 2561
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilemma Sahin is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ganime Senol is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch this month are: 3085
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Meserret Nas is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bilal Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 4251
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalbaş Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 4082
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch are: 120526
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahibe Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch this month are: 4029
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 4655
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Mayra Demir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekber Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Filiz Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aysu Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 4796
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haki Aygun is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamza Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Havva Mengi is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Medar Yasar is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 191
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayindir branch this month are: 108
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayla Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch are: 129855
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 334
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 402
There is no such employee.
Egealp Koc is leaving from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fatoş Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canece Kuru is leaving from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hayal Celik is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lal Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelincik Alp is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hayriye Kucuk is leaving from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 596
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Selcuk branch this month are: 343
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bozkaya Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Lavin Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abad Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Agin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Izgutay Gul is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
Hafız Ay is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
Manager of the Aliaga branch is Galibe Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 722
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 772
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bengi Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch are: 129817
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 516
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch are: 131536
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayindir branch is Berke Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gerçek Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
There is no such employee.
Durul Cicek is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abduş Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Basaksehir branch is Fırat Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch are: 135192
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch this month are: 439
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahir Kaya is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fuzuli Demirci is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hani branch is Levin Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch are: 123546
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Katre Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch this month are: 1560
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch this month are: 439
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch are: 136463
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baran Temel is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakim Ay is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iras Guler is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenyurt branch are: 133214
Husamettin Erturk is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Hafız Demir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Behçet Ozturk is leaving from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 2536
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gazel Genc.
Dilferah Ozen is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kale branch is Ceydasu Sarac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch are: 134174
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 1859
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 994
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kezban Duran is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 1041
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gayret Erkan is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch this month are: 1236
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkiz Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gamze Aytac is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feleytun Karakas is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch this month are: 1144
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 2193
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kucukcekmece branch is Jilda Ozturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 1095
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fırtına Guler is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faris Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Baharcan Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 1853
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch are: 123223
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdullah Senol is dismissed from branch: Hani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kucukcekmece branch is Jilda Ozturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karanfil Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karaburun branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Egealp Alp is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 1185
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Afet Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
Ebrak Balta is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Hulusi Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 1539
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 1509
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hekimhan branch is Hamit Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch are: 128485
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Heper Avci is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jergar Acar is dismissed from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eser Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 2708
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 2426
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 2288
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch this month are: 2497
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 2349
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Göçmen Cicek.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch are: 126445
Mayra Toker is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jefi Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 2832
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farik Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Barut Yildiz is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 2605
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jaledar Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Dal Kose.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gizer Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch are: 137304
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecmel Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch are: 134149
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 136489
There is no such employee.
Dal Kilic is dismissed from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yeditepe branch are: 116482
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Guzelbahce branch is Abakay Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadice Aytac is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 3021
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bozkaya Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelincik Kara is dismissed from branch: Agin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derya Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Fatih branch is Leylan Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahsure Cetin is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch are: 132004
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 4661
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch this month are: 3561
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hani branch are: 133722
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abaza Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 1937
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yeditepe branch this month are: 2552
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 3502
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 3608
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 2272
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iyiturk Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kinik branch is Mahrur Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Feleytun Erkan.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch are: 135728
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acarbey Akbas is leaving from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 84
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 191
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Damra Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilham Aytac is leaving from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 289
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Faize Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Dirlik Nas.
Deryab Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch this month are: 403
There is no such employee.
Ikram Kuru is leaving from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hale Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch are: 126102
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenyurt branch this month are: 350
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch are: 119908
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch are: 122467
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Eftal Erturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 617
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Hulusi Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avanos branch this month are: 172
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Hafız Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Dirlik Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 387
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Celile Sari is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 130692
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Feleytun Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fahir Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch this month are: 599
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adakli branch is Gece Yigit.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch are: 125824
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 652
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bakirkoy branch this month are: 716
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch this month are: 693
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 175
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 958
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch are: 126302
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Açelya Saglam is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elanaz Akpinar is leaving from branch: Bismil.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 537
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bediz Gunes is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Aysu Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canfeda Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Esenyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Behin Oz is leaving from branch: Tuzla.
Beha Polat is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jaledar Korkmaz is leaving from branch: Aricak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aysu Erkan is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch this month are: 964
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch are: 120042
Ersevim Dag is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylan Taskin is leaving from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 131669
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 687
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avanos branch are: 130304
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch are: 132339
There is no such employee.
Haveri Kara is leaving from branch: Aliaga.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faika Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch this month are: 982
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karaca Kocak is leaving from branch: Gulsehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch are: 128917
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bakirkoy branch are: 132824
Total bonuses for the Hani branch are: 134846
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 1236
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 141755
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Behçet Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Etfal Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalan Ari is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch are: 138992
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delice Saglam is leaving from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 1141
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berk Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayfer Toker is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Danyal Mert is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakan/Abakay Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 1373
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 131620
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch are: 135061
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Banu Durmaz is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch are: 136918
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadriye Karahan is leaving from branch: Bakirkoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gece Toprak is leaving from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilkeste Toker is dismissed from branch: Hani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Etfal Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Egezade Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Pendik branch is Dijdar Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Alara Dagdelen is leaving from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch this month are: 2315
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 1178
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch are: 126359
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Hüdaverdi Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Enginsel Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Jilda Aydin.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch are: 128639
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch this month are: 2112
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch are: 130834
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Abakan/Abakay Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch are: 135457
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch are: 135183
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulrezzak Ay is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
Gerçek Kilic is leaving from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 1957
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch are: 135692
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch this month are: 2256
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dorukhan Aktas is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch are: 135597
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 1868
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 1896
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hayal Gul is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdenay Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Azad Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cezire Aytac is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Feray Kilic is leaving from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch are: 132502
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lal Aksoy is leaving from branch: Aricak.
There is no such employee.
Ezra Polat is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 2756
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch this month are: 2819
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Dirlik Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gıyas Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
Eceseren Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch are: 131294
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch this month are: 2816
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Hafız Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canan Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Demiralp Kaya is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Fadik Demirci is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch are: 120049
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Atilgan Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihvan Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch this month are: 1780
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mayra Ipek is leaving from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch this month are: 2264
Merze Mert is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokalp Yildiran is leaving from branch: Esenyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 2908
Atilgan Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch are: 127431
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 1421
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 2759
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 2211
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Hafız Saglam.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch this month are: 2728
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 1768
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch are: 136160
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 1406
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canfeda Aydin is leaving from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Abak Celik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferzin Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadil Aygun is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch are: 136739
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abadın Yildirim is leaving from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihvan Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch are: 138626
Erkut Genc is leaving from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dildar Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch this month are: 3445
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilcan Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 2648
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch are: 133519
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hani branch is Levin Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Furkan Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Benay Alkan is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cezmiye Aydin is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 2474
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamile Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch are: 128967
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch are: 135274
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 3472
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 2941
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Furkan Alp is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hafize Kocak is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 2220
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferzin Aslan is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch this month are: 4675
There is no such employee.
Makber Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch are: 129342
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelenay Polat is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 3426
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bakanay Cetin is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Füreyya Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch this month are: 2747
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Barbaros Kose is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gezgin Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gedik Sari is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch are: 134338
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch are: 134534
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Felek Ucar is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edaay Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilfeza Ucar is leaving from branch: Merkez.
Total bonuses for the Hani branch are: 137509
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 3058
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Hüdaverdi Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Firuz Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sahinbey branch is Hakim Taskin.
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch this month are: 4332
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch are: 122374
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 3058
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jasmin Ay is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatma Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 3397
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 3700
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch this month are: 4332
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamuran Yasar is leaving from branch: Kinik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch are: 128613
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Filinta Demir is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 2675
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch this month are: 3599
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch are: 129967
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 3274
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch this month are: 4074
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Füreyya Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cankut Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iris Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 51
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Aba Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferahfeza Demirci is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Selcuk branch is Deryanur Senol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Basri Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch are: 137004
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Kayra Tasdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Madelet Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch this month are: 423
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Aliaga branch is Galibe Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch are: 143164
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karaburun branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch are: 128478
There is no such employee.
Belen Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Makber Yucel is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kagithane branch is Abadan Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kecioren branch is Faide Kara.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lemide Tasdemir is leaving from branch: Islahiye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch are: 134468
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsiyaka branch is Erdem Ipek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Durukan Gul is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayindir branch this month are: 921
Layike Aytac is leaving from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Madelet Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Alara Cicek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Eftal Erturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faide Bayrak is leaving from branch: Urla.
Total bonuses for the Selcuk branch this month are: 486
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huri Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Guzelbahce branch is Abakay Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgaz Dede is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haktan Guler is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
Ferhunde Kara is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch are: 143495
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilferah Ekinci is leaving from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 563
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Alara Cicek.
There is no such employee.
Feyza Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsiyaka branch is Erdem Ipek.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch this month are: 834
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karacabey branch this month are: 1461
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Selcuk branch are: 126503
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Doganyol branch is Fenni Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch are: 122003
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Katre Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kale branch is Ceydasu Sarac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adakli branch is Gece Yigit.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Alara Cicek.
There is no such employee.
Ferruh Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 716
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Karin Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gazel Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenyurt branch is Filizer Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch are: 129582
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch this month are: 1131
Hasbek Kaya is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Konak branch is Fermani Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Hulusi Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sariyer branch is Filiz Cengiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch are: 129899
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch are: 139438
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 959
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Islahiye branch is Gokben Ay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hale Nas is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch are: 123350
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Gihev Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch are: 122273
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch are: 142927
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 1292
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iris Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Idris Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
Demiralp Ozen is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karanfil Gunes is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
Karen Erkan is leaving from branch: Adalar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cilvekar Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avanos branch are: 134718
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Aricak branch is Ebyar Dede.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Cankut Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Agin branch is Alev Kilicaslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch are: 144611
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch are: 133339
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 1173
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayansel Aydogan is leaving from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch this month are: 1177
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Furkan Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Alara Cicek.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Katre Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
Debernuş Acar is leaving from branch: Basaksehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Madelet Erkan.
Lale Elmas is leaving from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebed Genc is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
Erdenay Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 2651
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalsar Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adalar branch is Barut Durmaz.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Aysu Yildirim.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Dirlik Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Esved Polat is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch are: 129245
Faize Oz is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gemlik branch is Hizir Mengi.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Eftal Erturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Birmen Demir is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Silivri branch is Leyal Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Irsad Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baglar branch is Feridun Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilkeste Genc is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
Gihev Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch are: 129245
There is no such employee.
Hamit Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 1996
Delistan Alp is leaving from branch: Avanos.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ildir Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
Itri Karakas is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch this month are: 2526
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fatoş Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Aba Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadil Mengi is leaving from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch this month are: 2822
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aliaga branch are: 145902
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hani branch is Levin Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch this month are: 3535
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch are: 129568
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Jilda Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch this month are: 2012
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch this month are: 1782
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yeditepe branch this month are: 3778
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch are: 136041
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Ferhat Karakas.
There is no such employee.
Gani Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erna Kilic is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch are: 132881
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aliaga branch this month are: 2732
Ikan Polat is leaving from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deryanur Avci is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahmude Alp is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Selcuk branch this month are: 2277
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sariyer branch is Filiz Cengiz.
Abduş Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Dal Kose.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 1987
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Jilda Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsiyaka branch is Erdem Ipek.
Ferid Karakas is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Fatih branch is Leylan Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dahiye Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch are: 133395
There is no such employee.
Daltekin Senol is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 136881
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Jilda Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hekimhan branch is Hamit Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gulsehir branch is Gazal Sari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aziz Gunes is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hafsa Toprak is leaving from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 131
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Altindag branch this month are: 82
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Altindag branch this month are: 82
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huriye Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iraz Mengi is leaving from branch: Kinik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başağa Sarac is leaving from branch: Gulsehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 303
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch are: 132772
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch this month are: 314
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch this month are: 230
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch are: 133434
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fuzuli Ozen is leaving from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayindir branch are: 133406
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulkadir Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Feleytun Erkan.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hani branch is Levin Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kecioren branch this month are: 429
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fahir Kaya is leaving from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 226
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Candan Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
Fahri Mengi is leaving from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demir Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canel Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Behin Tuncer is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch are: 136925
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baharcan Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch are: 132272
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karaca Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lebriz Demir is leaving from branch: Beylikduzu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derince Temel is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Dirlik Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch are: 137759
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lerzan Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch are: 146215
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iraz Kaya is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
Afet Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihlamur Gul is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 626
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Faize Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch are: 125066
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Faize Taskin.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kagithane branch is Abadan Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecesoy Genc is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch are: 140821
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 958
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baglar branch is Feridun Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch are: 132606
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 535
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch are: 133670
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch are: 134317
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Damra Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch are: 124632
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aliaga branch this month are: 973
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avanos branch is Ferdi Aydogan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Esved Tasdemir is leaving from branch: Beylikduzu.
Itri Gunay is promoted from Cook to Manager.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 1102
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Katre Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Emel Temel is leaving from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
Hincal Senol is leaving from branch: Basaksehir.
Manager of the Kale branch is Ceydasu Sarac.
Feyzullah Tekin is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
Hanife Cengiz is leaving from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazale Bayrak is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jengar Kilic is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Abak Celik.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch this month are: 1848
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aytunç Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canel Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Ferid Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Benan Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch are: 141473
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elacık Toprak is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derman Kucuk is leaving from branch: Menderes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Izzettin Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Abak Celik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch are: 143566
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahir Polat is leaving from branch: Camlidere.
Cansel Ay is leaving from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayindir branch this month are: 1554
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch are: 138582
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 2155
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delistan Yucel is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayindir branch are: 135402
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebrar Avci is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Gogen Sahiner is leaving from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 2201
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch this month are: 878
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Madelet Gurbuz is leaving from branch: Aliaga.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 2383
Ayberk Er is leaving from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fariha Ucar is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamelya Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 134170
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamaset Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch this month are: 1921
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Doruk Ozen is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebrak Cicek is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdenay Ay is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalayer Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch are: 138283
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gazel Genc.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch are: 135225
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch are: 141423
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch are: 141389
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iyiturk Gunes is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hurol Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 1649
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lerzan Ipek is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fidan Celik is leaving from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 2870
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berat Kocaman is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 1854
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canay Kaya is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Mayra Demir.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 2035
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Guzelbahce branch is Abakay Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Pendik branch is Dijdar Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gedik Tekin is dismissed from branch: Konak.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch are: 144711
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Garabed Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 3586
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch are: 134225
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Evren branch is Insel Yildiran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Katre Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
Gedik Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lerze Aksu is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halilullah Karakas is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Harmancik branch is Evin Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bilal Yuksel is leaving from branch: Gaziemir.
Asuman Aygun is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch are: 141915
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Enginsel Aslan is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 2917
Manager of the Eyup branch is Abdulkadir Temel.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Eftal Erturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Füreyya Aydin is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch are: 151680
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch this month are: 3007
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 3175
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gazel Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ertunga Ozen is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hursit Celik is leaving from branch: Bayindir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Filiz Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lemide Temel is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jinmir Genc is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch are: 136070
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 139249
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hades Mengi is leaving from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Abdulkadir Temel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dirok Aksu is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avanos branch are: 139578
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bediz Temel is leaving from branch: Maltepe.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch are: 142841
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 140048
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch are: 134714
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Irsad Yilmazer.
Ihya Ekinci is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gediz Balta is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
Garabed Alp is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceydanur Tekin is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karina Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakay Yildiran is leaving from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Galibe Ucar is leaving from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 3507
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch are: 144605
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsiyaka branch is Erdem Ipek.
Manager of the Guzelbahce branch is Abakay Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hejmar Genc is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
Ayfer Ozen is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch this month are: 4206
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 3588
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bakirkoy branch are: 139887
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 3902
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kevser Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eylem Uzun is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 3246
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farik Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch are: 154246
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Beliz Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenyurt branch are: 148214
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayla Kocak is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
Ezeli Aytac is leaving from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch are: 143805
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch this month are: 4157
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 4181
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Abdulkadir Temel.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 4561
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mamure Yildiz is leaving from branch: Maltepe.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch this month are: 4749
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Cankut Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Konak branch is Fermani Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch this month are: 3542
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayindir branch this month are: 3644
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacer Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Selcuk branch this month are: 3842
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Azad Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karakız Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Dal Kose.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ishak Erkan is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 239
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 358
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 239
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilferah Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhan Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch this month are: 137
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 161
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch this month are: 306
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 462
Atilla Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Arzu Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
Ferahfeza Ari is leaving from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
Fahri Kilic is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 248
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 356
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch this month are: 694
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch this month are: 417
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch are: 135854
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İffet Demirci is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 200
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ifakat Demir is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 259
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 1028
There is no such employee.
Aziz Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 406
Isfendiyar Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 164
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huriye Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch are: 128326
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch this month are: 622
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jalenur Aygun is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch are: 146663
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazele Nas is leaving from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bartu Toker is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
Gale Aksu is leaving from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch this month are: 1665
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch this month are: 835
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 1113
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 423
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Atilla Elmas is leaving from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karya Er is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch this month are: 663
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 1438
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 1317
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch this month are: 2095
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch this month are: 502
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamer Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Agin.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch this month are: 813
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 665
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch this month are: 701
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yeditepe branch this month are: 1061
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bakirkoy branch this month are: 1415
Edayi Mengi is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch this month are: 1341
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Selcuk branch this month are: 1076
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamile Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balin Yavuz is leaving from branch: Esenyurt.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch are: 147047
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hulki Yigit is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 1453
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 1514
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch are: 138868
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 2211
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 1063
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 132544
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch this month are: 1322
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Burç Yigit is leaving from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
Edebali Aygun is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Destecan Toker is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch this month are: 551
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalsar Senol is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch this month are: 1940
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamile Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 2291
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch are: 144957
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch this month are: 2069
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch are: 139321
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 1145
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hani branch are: 149980
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lema Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Bakirkoy branch are: 142160
There is no such employee.
Ece Cebeci is leaving from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch are: 147406
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Azad Ucar is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch are: 137301
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lalin Aksoy is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 2069
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karacabey branch this month are: 2196
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch this month are: 1662
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 2219
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch are: 140025
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayindir branch this month are: 2153
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenyurt branch this month are: 2002
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Altindag branch is Burç Yavuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erim Duran is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farika Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch this month are: 1961
There is no such employee.
Hilal Aytac is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 1970
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 2287
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 2455
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karmen Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Hani.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch this month are: 3438
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avanos branch is Ferdi Aydogan.
There is no such employee.
Lİla Elmas is leaving from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch this month are: 3438
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ikram Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch are: 149139
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 2290
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kevser Gunay is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 2680
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch are: 136854
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Füreyya Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch are: 145896
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aytunç Yigit is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
Hacer Gunes is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 1685
There is no such employee.
Erna Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 2683
Hattat Balta is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 2198
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 1929
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch are: 145036
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch this month are: 1724
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 2989
There is no such employee.
Idris Genc is leaving from branch: Aricak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 1866
Total bonuses for the Esenyurt branch this month are: 2420
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 1837
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch are: 146799
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch are: 145366
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 2369
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 2214
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 2664
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 2345
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 2379
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 2322
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch are: 147377
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch this month are: 3018
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 1808
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 2373
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bakanay Kocak is leaving from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch are: 138835
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch this month are: 3174
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch this month are: 2005
Total bonuses for the Hani branch this month are: 3117
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch are: 149363
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bengi Dede is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derem Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Damra Balta is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch this month are: 141
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch this month are: 432
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abadan Er is dismissed from branch: Evren.
Hamdullah Demir is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch are: 138149
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Garabed Yasar.
Erksin Karakas is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Davud Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch are: 153507
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elmira Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayindir branch are: 140176
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecebay Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Doganyol branch is Fenni Ekinci.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Feleytun Erkan.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Karin Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch are: 140110
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gece Ozen is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Adalan Kilic is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
Bahamra Mert is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch are: 150805
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Afet Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cankaya branch is Irmak Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hincal Taskin is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulkadir Acar is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fatoş Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Hulusi Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kalender Aygun is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamide Aygun is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 936
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacil Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch are: 138328
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch this month are: 1686
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdurrahman Saglam is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Ferid Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch are: 148633
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch are: 133573
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 1508
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 989
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 145190
Leyal Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Esenyurt branch is Filizer Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abak Acar is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch this month are: 1089
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 733
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch are: 148961
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayindir branch this month are: 1223
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch are: 149062
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayindir branch are: 140790
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch are: 147297
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenyurt branch is Filizer Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgaz Yucel is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Abak Celik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch are: 145588
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Feleytun Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fenni Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch are: 143252
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch this month are: 2011
There is no such employee.
Aydemir Ipek is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ikan Alp is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hani branch is Levin Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Aba Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecehan Cicek is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Silivri branch is Leyal Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch this month are: 2062
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bakirkoy branch this month are: 1474
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 152795
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 2657
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Doganyol branch is Fenni Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilemma Toker is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavanta Alp is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch are: 147973
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavanta Dede is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Abakan/Abakay Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Istemihan Demir is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch are: 141670
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 146590
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karanfil Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kucukcekmece branch is Jilda Ozturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 2921
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenyurt branch is Filizer Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch are: 131983
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch are: 155078
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Madelet Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Damra Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Damra Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Alara Cicek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch are: 150138
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gemlik branch is Hizir Mengi.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gazel Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyla Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch this month are: 2290
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch this month are: 2470
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cezire Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Irsad Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Aba Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feyza Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 2644
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 3090
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Felat Yasar is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch are: 143595
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 2132
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Dirlik Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch this month are: 2069
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch are: 141888
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Feleytun Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 3648
Manager of the Doganyol branch is Fenni Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Irsad Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulhamit Taskin is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch this month are: 2177
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Damra Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Maltepe branch is Felin Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenler branch is Macide Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sariyer branch is Filiz Cengiz.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 4003
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dirim Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Hani branch this month are: 4561
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hediye Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 3561
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch this month are: 4444
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Hüdaverdi Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Daim Celik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch are: 150129
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abadın Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecegül Yigit is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 3221
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berkan Sari is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 3283
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Guzelbahce branch is Abakay Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Gihev Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
Garabed Erkan is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 3860
Burç Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch this month are: 3383
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 158591
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 3442
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch this month are: 3020
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch this month are: 4215
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 0
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Harmancik branch is Evin Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Enhar Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 91
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avanos branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 6
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch are: 147863
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eren Genc is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Dirlik Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch are: 150378
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cankut Gul is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
Total bonuses for the Aliaga branch this month are: 149
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dafne Balta is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
Hattat Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erksin Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yeditepe branch are: 133474
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Irsad Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Gizer Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch this month are: 297
Bozkaya Nas is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilkeste Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Maltepe branch is Felin Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanbey Saglam is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aydonat Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farika Cetin is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Aricak branch is Ebyar Dede.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bagatur Celik is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Firuze Cetin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch are: 142867
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch this month are: 381
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 933
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Altindag branch is Burç Yavuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch are: 144626
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Itri Ceylan is leaving from branch: Pendik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fatoş Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kale branch is Ceydasu Sarac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fatoş Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bakirkoy branch this month are: 288
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch this month are: 1504
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Damra Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Firuze Cetin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch are: 147313
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch this month are: 518
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 920
Faden Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch this month are: 413
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch are: 152795
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Faize Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Ekim Toker.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 1349
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadis Avci is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avanos branch this month are: 757
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch are: 155179
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 1319
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Maltepe branch is Felin Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch are: 151798
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Göçmen Cicek.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch this month are: 1009
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Selcuk branch are: 138290
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 1256
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berat Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch are: 143091
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aliaga branch this month are: 2134
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 2420
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Damra Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berkay Er is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 1615
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Madelet Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilci Yucel is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch are: 149302
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Harmancik branch is Evin Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cavide Yigit is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch this month are: 1698
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 1615
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canalp Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demirbilek Yigit is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cavlan Dede is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Firuze Cetin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fulya Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch this month are: 1596
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch this month are: 2485
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch are: 142564
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch are: 149302
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferah Demirci is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 1822
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 1200
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hafsa Yigit is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch are: 153526
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbey Cetin is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gudul branch is Ilbas Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch are: 156977
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 2406
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Daim Celik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikret Ipek is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Doganyol branch is Fenni Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 2087
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgaz Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hani branch this month are: 2239
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 2113
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Firuze Cetin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jerfi Celik is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Eftal Erturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 2269
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch this month are: 2200
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch are: 149952
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 911
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 3056
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch are: 148679
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch are: 160007
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 2739
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Abdulkadir Temel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lerze Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
Behçet Aydin is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Makber Cicek is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch are: 149262
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Agin branch is Alev Kilicaslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch are: 157520
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 1656
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Hüdaverdi Ari.
There is no such employee.
Aygül Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dehna Balta is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
Medar Temel is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 2736
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebrar Yigit is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch are: 147859
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgaz Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Göçmen Cicek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haki Aktas is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch are: 143705
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Lavin Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avanos branch are: 149289
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch this month are: 3168
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Galibe Polat is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
Manager of the Bayindir branch is Berke Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avanos branch this month are: 2148
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karaburun branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahanur Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenyurt branch is Filizer Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch this month are: 3011
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Dalan Yildiz.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Damra Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jarin Sarac is leaving from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Firuze Cetin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch this month are: 3541
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adalar branch is Barut Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 4109
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gamze Kuru is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Aricak branch is Ebyar Dede.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 4642
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenler branch is Macide Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gazel Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kinik branch is Mahrur Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avanos branch are: 149349
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch this month are: 4684
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 2468
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Kayra Tasdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayindir branch is Berke Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch are: 154656
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edaay Avci is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 3581
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 4220
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazil Kaya is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 3355
There is no such employee.
Kahya Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fer Sahin is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 3836
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatma Genc is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derince Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
Manager of the Sahinbey branch is Hakim Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 151288
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Abak Celik.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 3542
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bakirkoy branch are: 149767
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamide Sahin is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch this month are: 3680
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch are: 154805
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch this month are: 2553
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch are: 155807
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch are: 154069
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 2973
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 3695
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 161423
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 3743
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch are: 152506
Hanife Gul is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch are: 162198
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch this month are: 3285
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch are: 145639
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Melike Akbas is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch this month are: 4210
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch are: 141143
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 3008
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch are: 155366
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch are: 153580
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 4202
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Jilda Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 4571
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch are: 141346
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Germa Gurbuz is leaving from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Pendik branch is Dijdar Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylifer Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Agin branch is Alev Kilicaslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berk Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sahinbey branch is Hakim Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadire Mengi is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekin Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Mahibe Aydin is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Doganyol branch is Fenni Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gedik Kuru is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Basaksehir branch is Fırat Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bakirkoy branch is Afet Buyuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhat Karakas is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Baha Aydemir is promoted from Cook to Manager.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilferah Demir is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kucukcekmece branch is Jilda Ozturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Izgutay Karakas is dismissed from branch: Hani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aliaga branch are: 162398
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Cankut Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Daim Celik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilcan Aytac is leaving from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Evren branch is Insel Yildiran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Inanna Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch are: 145946
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch are: 156742
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyal Guler is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Hulusi Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ikram Sahin is leaving from branch: Avanos.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mayra Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bakirkoy branch is Afet Buyuk.
There is no such employee.
Fazh Aktas is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Barut Kocak is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch are: 152020
Manager of the Bismil branch is Hafız Demir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Havin Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habib Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ezra Acar is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Altindag branch is Burç Yavuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayindir branch is Berke Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elacık Demir is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Aricak branch is Ebyar Dede.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kezban Demir is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahizar Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch are: 148382
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch are: 158082
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Jilda Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbad Mert is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Macide Kara is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Danyal Erkan is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Hafız Demir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Basri Ay is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berkan Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
Erhan Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadil Ozdemir is leaving from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adalar branch is Barut Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jenin Polat is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch are: 153897
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Camlidere branch is Habibullah Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Letafet Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Hafız Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 154115
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch are: 157716
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fer Dede is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Islahiye branch is Gokben Ay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Cankut Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gudul branch is Ilbas Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Funda Sahin is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elbek Sari is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hulki Dag is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mayra Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hidayet Sarac is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Guzelbahce branch is Abakay Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekim Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Damra Aktas is dismissed from branch: Pendik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Abdulkadir Temel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lamiye Erturk is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Levin Aydin is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch are: 153193
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalya Aktas is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gıyas Cengiz is leaving from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Aliaga branch is Galibe Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gerçek Aktas is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Firuze Cetin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Hulusi Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karakız Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihya Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Efehan Kaya is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
Irsat Erdogan is promoted from Cook to Manager.
Delice Saglam is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch are: 154752
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulrezzak Aygun is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Hafız Demir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Dal Kose.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadire Yasar is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch are: 172154
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokay Toprak is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch are: 152824
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canela Karahan is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazale Ari is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikrettin Kaya is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Badem Kose is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch this month are: 72
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 334
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch are: 149673
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Aliaga branch is Galibe Ozen.
Manager of the Kale branch is Ceydasu Sarac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayra Saglam is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Selcuk branch is Deryanur Senol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 198
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 160
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch this month are: 616
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch are: 158799
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch this month are: 358
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch are: 151806
There is no such employee.
Canhanım Temel is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Islahiye branch is Gokben Ay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kagithane branch is Abadan Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sariyer branch is Filiz Cengiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 736
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Gihev Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sahinbey branch is Hakim Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hafız Kaya is leaving from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadıla Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Gihev Tuncer.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch are: 154803
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch are: 159784
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aygül Aktas is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Mayra Demir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Hafız Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 356
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başar Alkan is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 254
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch this month are: 724
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Damra Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Basaksehir branch is Fırat Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Kayra Tasdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch are: 159390
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Abakan/Abakay Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Feleytun Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 1496
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adakli branch is Gece Yigit.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch this month are: 2141
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Gihev Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canan Genc is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch are: 152274
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 1294
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Dal Kose.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 1495
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 1037
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelenay Ucar is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 1781
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Camlidere branch is Habibullah Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 1780
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karacabey branch are: 169671
There is no such employee.
Irak Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch this month are: 893
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 1302
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Istemihan Gunes is leaving from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gencaslan Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch are: 158857
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Aricak branch is Ebyar Dede.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 2774
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavanta Aygun is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacı Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 1636
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Füreyya Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Lavin Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kale branch is Ceydasu Sarac.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Gihev Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Jilda Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Firuze Cetin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch are: 155299
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 153513
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch are: 163464
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 2257
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch are: 160770
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch this month are: 1857
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch are: 155199
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Lavin Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch are: 169939
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch are: 154028
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Hüdaverdi Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avanos branch are: 157104
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 1887
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kavin Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duman Mert is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
Feza Ari is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch are: 161325
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karmen Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Doğannur Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiser Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
Manager of the Baglar branch is Feridun Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hani branch this month are: 2815
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kale branch is Ceydasu Sarac.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch this month are: 1273
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadire Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 2283
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Irsad Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbas Duran is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavinya Nas is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fatoş Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 2174
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gogen Aytac is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Abakan/Abakay Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebed Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eylem Aygun is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Pendik branch is Dijdar Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Guzelbahce branch is Abakay Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aliaga branch this month are: 3227
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Selcuk branch this month are: 4109
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kinik branch is Mahrur Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsiyaka branch is Erdem Ipek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecesoy Acar is leaving from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch are: 165153
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkoç Cebeci is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Garibe Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch this month are: 2736
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Eftal Erturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Baha Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 3012
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Dirlik Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karacabey branch is Izgutay Aktas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Gihev Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 2962
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Melodi Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 3808
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Husam Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yeditepe branch is Irsat Erdogan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Doganyol branch is Fenni Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadime Toprak is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cavide Buyuk is leaving from branch: Basaksehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Ekim Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch are: 161336
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch are: 161398
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch are: 154071
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gulsehir branch is Gazal Sari.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karaburun branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erensu Taskin is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Eftal Erturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 4378
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch are: 158539
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayindir branch is Berke Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceydasu Ay is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Basaksehir branch is Fırat Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulrezzak Gunes is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch this month are: 4018
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yeditepe branch is Irsat Erdogan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch this month are: 4151
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Agin branch is Alev Kilicaslan.
Jeyan Yucel is leaving from branch: Pendik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Islahiye branch is Gokben Ay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Mayra Demir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Aysu Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abak Cengiz is leaving from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Agin branch is Alev Kilicaslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenler branch is Macide Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gemlik branch is Hizir Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Gihev Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Harmancik branch is Evin Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Katre Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Larissa Celik is leaving from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sahinbey branch is Hakim Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Maltepe branch is Felin Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamelya Yildiran is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Feleytun Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beylikduzu branch is Itri Gunay.
There is no such employee.
Efdal Kose is leaving from branch: Esenyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kinik branch is Mahrur Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kaymak Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 160669
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Medar Alp is dismissed from branch: Kale.
Manager of the Palu branch is Göçmen Cicek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamelya Dede is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gudul branch is Ilbas Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Cankut Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulrezzak Gul is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 1233
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Destecan Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch this month are: 922
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayla Acar is leaving from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 1158
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahsure Oz is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahinur Kuru is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kale branch is Ceydasu Sarac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sahinbey branch is Hakim Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eylem Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Madelet Erkan.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Harmancik branch is Evin Arslan.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch are: 167863
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aleyna Erdogan is leaving from branch: Hani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adakli branch is Gece Yigit.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch this month are: 913
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenler branch is Macide Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daltekin Dag is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jale Uzun is leaving from branch: Hani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Hanife Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch are: 155740
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elacık Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halef Acar is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Hüdaverdi Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faide Ipek is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch are: 166006
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Diba Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hekimhan branch is Hamit Duran.
Manager of the Guzelbahce branch is Abakay Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bakirkoy branch is Afet Buyuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karaburun branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch are: 153789
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yeditepe branch is Irsat Erdogan.
Manager of the Fatih branch is Leylan Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lale Sarac is leaving from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Füreyya Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Alara Cicek.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 1387
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Fatih branch is Leylan Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Garabed Mert is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beylikduzu branch is Itri Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hekimhan branch is Hamit Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatine Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch are: 145421
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kale branch is Ceydasu Sarac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Katun Mengi is leaving from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Harmancik branch is Evin Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch are: 165376
Total bonuses for the Hani branch are: 172299
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 1532
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Gihev Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Damra Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Baha Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daya Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Damra Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kucukcekmece branch is Jilda Ozturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Karin Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kinik branch is Mahrur Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch are: 166583
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch are: 165471
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch are: 168083
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch are: 174507
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Faize Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Aliaga branch is Galibe Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mensure Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gemlik branch is Hizir Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch are: 162647
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Damra Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belgi Genc is dismissed from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kucukcekmece branch is Jilda Ozturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Fatine Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilcan Balta is leaving from branch: Aliaga.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beylikduzu branch is Itri Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Altindag branch are: 143892
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Cankut Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch are: 161536
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Guzelbahce branch is Abakay Aygun.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Madelet Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch are: 164106
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Doganyol branch is Fenni Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsiyaka branch is Erdem Ipek.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Dirlik Nas.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Dal Kose.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Altindag branch is Burç Yavuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Guzelbahce branch is Abakay Aygun.
Manager of the Hekimhan branch is Hamit Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch are: 168824
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menderes branch is Mahmude Alp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Lavin Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demiralp Gunay is leaving from branch: Karacabey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hekimhan branch is Hamit Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Damra Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Füreyya Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch are: 169395
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Darcan Kose is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karacabey branch is Izgutay Aktas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irtek Gul is leaving from branch: Aliaga.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Madelet Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Dalan Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch are: 161094
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 55
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 168
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch this month are: 191
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch are: 158312
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch this month are: 191
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch are: 161942
There is no such employee.
Aber Aksoy is leaving from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 342
Katun Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 246
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 687
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch this month are: 411
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 661
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dirim Sahiner is leaving from branch: Kucukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch this month are: 1117
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch are: 170193
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 664
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch this month are: 1147
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jale Demirci is leaving from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Mayra Demir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ganime Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Emetullah Erturk is leaving from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 804
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avanos branch this month are: 889
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Doruk Ucar is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch are: 171637
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch this month are: 162
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 562
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 1002
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch this month are: 787
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch are: 165944
Total bonuses for the Esenyurt branch are: 173122
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihlamur Sarac is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 165178
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch are: 159364
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch are: 161675
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch this month are: 1732
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Ekim Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Gihev Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 806
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch are: 172273
There is no such employee.
Kayansel Aydogan is leaving from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch are: 166965
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch are: 177811
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch this month are: 922
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazıl Yildiran is leaving from branch: Gulsehir.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sahinbey branch is Hakim Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ersevim Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ledeyna Ceylan is leaving from branch: Selcuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch are: 158358
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 1322
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Karin Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bakirkoy branch this month are: 916
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 2221
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gulsehir branch is Gazal Sari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lerzan Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihlamur Ozen is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch are: 174739
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Husam Saglam is leaving from branch: Karakocan.
Total bonuses for the Avanos branch this month are: 1553
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jinsal Yucel is leaving from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch are: 167133
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 1172
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canperver Gunes is leaving from branch: Altindag.
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch are: 181122
There is no such employee.
Abakan/Abakay Karahan is leaving from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecem Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aber Cicek is leaving from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Janbek Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgaz Gunes is leaving from branch: Agin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 913
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Selcuk branch are: 155990
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch are: 161309
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch this month are: 1220
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 2009
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 2415
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elacık Yildiran is leaving from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 164857
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch are: 158986
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gemlik branch is Hizir Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecevit Demirci is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenyurt branch are: 174579
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kale branch is Ceydasu Sarac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 1488
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kecioren branch is Faide Kara.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch are: 169119
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fakirullah Ipek is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fer Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Geray Aytac is leaving from branch: Baskil.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 1569
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eylem Demirci is leaving from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 2626
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haldun Aksu is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch are: 161223
There is no such employee.
Karsel Aslan is leaving from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iraz Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch are: 170164
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avanos branch this month are: 2414
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecem Aygun is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bozkaya Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Eftal Erturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 2171
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karadut Yucel is leaving from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch this month are: 3232
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch are: 166807
There is no such employee.
Ledeyna Demirci is leaving from branch: Agin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch are: 155124
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karin Cebeci is leaving from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch are: 155124
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 3507
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch are: 168672
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 2033
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kısmet Yasar is leaving from branch: Gulsehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demirezen Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Pendik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 3255
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch this month are: 3354
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch are: 167100
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Jilda Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacı Polat is leaving from branch: Hani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 3627
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dehna Ipek is leaving from branch: Karacabey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ikan Yigit is leaving from branch: Urla.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 2444
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch are: 170700
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irsad Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kecioren branch this month are: 1867
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch this month are: 3574
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gihev Gunes is leaving from branch: Basaksehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch are: 149638
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch this month are: 3555
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 166117
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Gihev Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch are: 167611
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch are: 160639
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch are: 168059
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch this month are: 157
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Dalan Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch are: 175655
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Konak branch is Fermani Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch are: 158109
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erksin Ceylan is leaving from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch this month are: 130
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karadut Yasar is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 185
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Durul Kose is leaving from branch: Aricak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Hanife Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Göçmen Cicek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İclal Tekin is leaving from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Furkan Elmas is leaving from branch: Cankaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch are: 150362
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sariyer branch is Filiz Cengiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalince Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Agin.
Manager of the Agin branch is Alev Kilicaslan.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 278
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 722
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 658
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eren Kara is leaving from branch: Karacabey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Göçmen Cicek.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 242
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hazan Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Durukan Aksu is leaving from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Fatih branch is Leylan Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 766
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Damra Cebeci.
Total bonuses for the Hani branch this month are: 222
There is no such employee.
Aybars Cicek is leaving from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch are: 168757
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch are: 164814
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 1048
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karaburun branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isa Aktas is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habide Gunes is leaving from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 330
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 902
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 237
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 136
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch this month are: 595
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Felit Karakas is leaving from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch are: 167085
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adalar branch is Barut Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 1026
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fıda Kilic is leaving from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jarin Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsiyaka branch is Erdem Ipek.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 168190
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Altindag branch this month are: 290
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 439
Cahide Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İdil Demir is leaving from branch: Menderes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ledeyna Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 1243
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Agin branch is Alev Kilicaslan.
There is no such employee.
Eylem Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch are: 161177
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch this month are: 581
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eğmen Cebeci is leaving from branch: Basaksehir.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 1155
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch this month are: 977
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdurrahman Karahan is leaving from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgi Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
Manager of the Guzelbahce branch is Abakay Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 1119
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Hanife Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belgi Karakas is leaving from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 1420
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 1119
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Filiz Erturk is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 848
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kale branch is Ceydasu Sarac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 154276
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aliaga branch this month are: 1148
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch this month are: 1116
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdoğan Ozturk is leaving from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 166688
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jehat Gul is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Aba Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 1934
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch this month are: 1116
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 1098
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch this month are: 811
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch this month are: 1371
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 1611
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Damra Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch this month are: 567
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aliaga branch this month are: 1151
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 1103
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cankaya branch is Irmak Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch are: 168979
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berkan Aygun is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 940
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch this month are: 870
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch are: 163952
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sahinbey branch is Hakim Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilal Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch this month are: 1692
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 1992
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 1316
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch are: 160237
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Abdulkadir Temel.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Camlidere branch is Habibullah Yasar.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gulsehir branch is Gazal Sari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 1269
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gemlik branch is Hizir Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 1266
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Baha Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Emel Akbas is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch are: 169882
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 1836
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hekimhan branch is Hamit Duran.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch are: 161798
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karacabey branch this month are: 2126
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 1442
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Firuz Polat is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch this month are: 1324
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Madelet Aksoy is leaving from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fatoş Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 2165
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch are: 169273
Manager of the Karaburun branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Hanife Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkoç Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Guzelbahce branch is Abakay Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbas Alkan is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahamra Taskin is leaving from branch: Gulsehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berk Sarac is leaving from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch are: 164619
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Birol Avci is leaving from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecevit Karahan is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
There is no such employee.
Aybars Sari is leaving from branch: Baglar.
Total bonuses for the Hani branch this month are: 1878
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 1652
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Guzelbahce branch is Abakay Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Silivri branch is Leyal Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bengi Dagdelen is leaving from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 2170
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 2192
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Hüdaverdi Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Konak branch is Fermani Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Guzelbahce branch is Abakay Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbey Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 1601
Manager of the Siteler branch is Ferid Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hazan Yucel is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch this month are: 1333
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch are: 170154
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 2155
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Hulusi Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bakirkoy branch is Afet Buyuk.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch are: 169556
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gulsehir branch is Gazal Sari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch this month are: 2577
There is no such employee.
Kaila/Kayla Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Ergani.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 2206
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch are: 181980
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Lavin Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avanos branch are: 167168
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 2177
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 2726
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Hulusi Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 2512
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Katre Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Faize Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayindir branch this month are: 2719
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Dirlik Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gaffar Polat is leaving from branch: Tuzla.
Manager of the Selcuk branch is Deryanur Senol.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 2997
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 2111
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 2558
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baharnaz Ipek is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 2679
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beylikduzu branch is Itri Gunay.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Katre Kocaman.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 2908
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bakirkoy branch is Afet Buyuk.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Aysu Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch this month are: 2181
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bakirkoy branch is Afet Buyuk.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Ekim Toker.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch are: 163602
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Maltepe branch is Felin Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahfer Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avanos branch this month are: 1585
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Gihev Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 3074
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Konak branch is Fermani Gunes.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Firuze Cetin.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch this month are: 2181
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 2752
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Füreyya Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karya Guler is leaving from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch this month are: 2375
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Abdulkadir Temel.
There is no such employee.
Göçmen Taskin is leaving from branch: Selcuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fahir Kocaman is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Dalan Yildiz.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch are: 167827
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Aba Aytac.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Feleytun Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecmel Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 2902
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Selcuk branch this month are: 1688
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch are: 175243
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch are: 177223
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ezeli Er is leaving from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 2768
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Guzelbahce branch is Abakay Aygun.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch are: 168365
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch this month are: 4246
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 2422
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Agin branch is Alev Kilicaslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abak Demir is leaving from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Camlidere branch is Habibullah Yasar.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch are: 170196
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilal Mert is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 2422
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Göçmen Cicek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Feleytun Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Madelet Mert is leaving from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch are: 185599
Manager of the Gudul branch is Ilbas Ceylan.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch this month are: 3234
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 2014
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bakirkoy branch is Afet Buyuk.
Alev Kara is leaving from branch: Beylikduzu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karen Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daristan Tekin is leaving from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Göçmen Cicek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kagithane branch is Abadan Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Hanife Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Adalet Dag is leaving from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karaburun branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karin Durmaz is leaving from branch: Islahiye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 142
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Katre Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gerçek Aygun is leaving from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Behçet Sahiner is leaving from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Islahiye branch is Gokben Ay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 182
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bala Cicek is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jiyan Yucel is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erksin Kilic is leaving from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch are: 158728
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch this month are: 405
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Feleytun Erkan.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karaburun branch is Garabed Yasar.
Ferhat Gunes is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jergar Gurbuz is leaving from branch: Avanos.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aborkar Guler is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadife Ozturk is leaving from branch: Bismil.
Manager of the Guzelbahce branch is Abakay Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhan Guler is leaving from branch: Adalar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch are: 175872
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenyurt branch this month are: 850
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 726
Ilhami Seker is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Manager of the Esenler branch is Macide Genc.
There is no such employee.
Alara Mengi is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Gogen Bayrak is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Hanife Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farah Aksu is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eyşan Mert is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habibullah Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 633
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Gihev Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jilda Arslan is leaving from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Efdal Erkan is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Alara Cicek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahir Alp is leaving from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Aba Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yeditepe branch is Irsat Erdogan.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch this month are: 1300
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 2286
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 1136
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Harmancik branch is Evin Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Eftal Erturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch this month are: 891
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Firuze Cetin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 2118
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Hafız Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 1722
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Islahiye branch is Gokben Ay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch are: 173799
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 1652
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahmure Demirci is leaving from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 2064
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Altindag branch this month are: 1651
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch this month are: 1010
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 1388
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Altindag branch is Burç Yavuz.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 2030
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Ferid Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch this month are: 1673
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch are: 177616
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bakanay Polat is leaving from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 1608
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 2129
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 3101
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gemlik branch is Hizir Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch this month are: 1920
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fena Dag is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bozkaya Senol is leaving from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kucukcekmece branch is Jilda Ozturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Benan Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 1626
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fehim Duran is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fatoş Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakgüzar Gunay is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jinmir Aktas is leaving from branch: Eyup.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch are: 172437
There is no such employee.
Gazele Seker is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 3739
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Abakan/Abakay Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Basri Ekinci is leaving from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 1386
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 3705
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 4002
Hafız Gunes is leaving from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 1423
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 1909
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch this month are: 2831
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch are: 167153
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Selcuk branch is Deryanur Senol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecesoy Erturk is leaving from branch: Aricak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 3338
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Pendik branch is Dijdar Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kucukcekmece branch is Jilda Ozturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Himmet Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dildar Nas is leaving from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Enginsel Cicek is leaving from branch: Harmancik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Dirlik Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Selcuk branch is Deryanur Senol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 2270
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Kayra Tasdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferzin Yildiran is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fidan Duran is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isa Gul is leaving from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 3320
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch this month are: 3496
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Damra Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cankaya branch is Irmak Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gulsehir branch is Gazal Sari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acarbey Yildiz is leaving from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Furkan Avci is leaving from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch this month are: 2075
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deli Kara is leaving from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Harika Genc is leaving from branch: Selcuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kinik branch is Mahrur Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 3251
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch this month are: 3976
Aborkar Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
There is no such employee.
Bakiye Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhunde Polat is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fatoş Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamile Kocak is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lamiha Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Evren branch is Insel Yildiran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 4989
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 4786
Dilfigar Cetin is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cezlan Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haki Erturk is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Dirlik Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch this month are: 3103
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamelya Karahan is leaving from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacı Cicek is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch this month are: 4103
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch this month are: 3030
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadim Erturk is leaving from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Guzelbahce branch is Abakay Aygun.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 4897
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karaburun branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 5536
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenyurt branch is Filizer Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 5369
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 4431
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Katre Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 206
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch are: 178716
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 222
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 305
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 459
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 86
Karsel Aytac is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch this month are: 206
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 156
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Hanife Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Abak Celik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Abakan/Abakay Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch this month are: 453
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayfer Demir is leaving from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Aliaga branch is Galibe Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch this month are: 296
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch this month are: 678
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch this month are: 477
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch are: 161804
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 769
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch this month are: 669
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahbube Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch are: 158803
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch this month are: 492
There is no such employee.
Hizir Kucuk is leaving from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Feleytun Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch are: 177364
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenyurt branch is Filizer Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebubekir Toprak is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gencal Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abduş Gunay is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 1364
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 855
Giram Dede is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Camlidere branch is Habibullah Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch this month are: 827
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 819
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kucukcekmece branch is Jilda Ozturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bakirkoy branch is Afet Buyuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch are: 177507
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 1316
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bilal Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch this month are: 1773
Manager of the Sahinbey branch is Hakim Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch this month are: 702
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cezmiye Toker is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 2106
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch this month are: 868
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gaffar Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 867
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 1259
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch are: 178748
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bakirkoy branch is Afet Buyuk.
Felat Bayrak is leaving from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 1498
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch are: 177638
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch are: 173015
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 1498
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berk Kara is leaving from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kecioren branch this month are: 1035
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch this month are: 1240
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 2741
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Harmancik branch is Evin Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 1285
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayindir branch this month are: 2431
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 1736
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch this month are: 1439
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Faize Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch are: 173821
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karacabey branch is Izgutay Aktas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 925
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 3147
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Furkan Sarac is leaving from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch this month are: 1001
Manager of the Ergani branch is Dalan Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Funda Uzun is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 1648
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Doğannur Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 3398
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 2399
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Daim Celik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Felat Karahan is leaving from branch: Basaksehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayfer Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Maltepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 1574
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 2185
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Altindag branch this month are: 2387
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 2185
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch this month are: 1692
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch this month are: 1828
Bediz Yasar is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Islahiye branch is Gokben Ay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 2316
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch this month are: 1395
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenler branch is Macide Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyal Tekin is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 2484
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yeditepe branch is Irsat Erdogan.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 1858
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 2338
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch are: 182984
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch are: 175009
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch this month are: 2933
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch this month are: 3295
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Abakan/Abakay Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yeditepe branch this month are: 1650
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Aba Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 1729
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahur Ipek is leaving from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Izzettin Cicek is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 2763
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Evren branch is Insel Yildiran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch are: 182181
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 1821
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Ekim Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gulsehir branch is Gazal Sari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avanos branch is Ferdi Aydogan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch this month are: 3761
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch this month are: 2655
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 3375
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 3194
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 2699
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch are: 175702
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenyurt branch are: 184019
Manager of the Altindag branch is Burç Yavuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hekimhan branch is Hamit Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karaburun branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch this month are: 2808
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch are: 179128
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch this month are: 3724
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch are: 179610
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 3072
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Dalan Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menderes branch is Mahmude Alp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch this month are: 3539
Ferhunde Gunes is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 178190
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 3574
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch are: 174968
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 3031
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 4126
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch this month are: 3879
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch this month are: 3873
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avanos branch are: 174856
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahrur Aytac is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gani Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch this month are: 3832
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch this month are: 3077
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Birsoy Arslan is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 4092
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 3608
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecevit Senol is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch this month are: 2938
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch are: 183288
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch this month are: 3387
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch are: 183113
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yeditepe branch this month are: 110
Manager of the Urgup branch is Mayra Demir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Hafız Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aygül Kilic is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 153
Filizer Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Manager of the Urla branch is Fatine Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Insel Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Fatine Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanedan Demir is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Guzelbahce branch is Abakay Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch are: 169856
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 458
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilemma Koc is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Irsad Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 458
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Hanife Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dorukhan Sari is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 61
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 164375
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch this month are: 638
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 391
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyan Avci is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Kader Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
Total bonuses for the Hani branch this month are: 570
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Irsad Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 685
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Doganyol branch is Fenni Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch this month are: 730
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Celvetiye Gunes is leaving from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 137
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Birol Ozdemir is leaving from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gizmen Aydogan is leaving from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch are: 177505
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch this month are: 833
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch this month are: 833
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 759
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 1506
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abad Dede is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch this month are: 868
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halim Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baglar branch is Feridun Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yeditepe branch this month are: 616
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch this month are: 762
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch this month are: 1038
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch this month are: 1519
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kardem Yasar is leaving from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hani branch are: 189312
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch this month are: 1485
Manager of the Bayindir branch is Berke Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch are: 179175
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenler branch is Macide Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch this month are: 1412
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aliaga branch are: 190928
Total bonuses for the Karacabey branch this month are: 1448
Manager of the Harmancik branch is Evin Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsiyaka branch is Erdem Ipek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilcan Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch this month are: 1749
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 2141
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 2230
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch are: 170180
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 1234
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Altindag branch this month are: 1020
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 1485
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 2057
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenyurt branch are: 186949
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch this month are: 1449
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch are: 189825
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch this month are: 1548
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch this month are: 1548
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazel Saglam is leaving from branch: Esenler.
Ermiye Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
Baharcan Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch are: 179553
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch this month are: 1736
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 179655
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kecioren branch this month are: 1577
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Faize Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Camlidere branch is Habibullah Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch are: 179168
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch this month are: 2317
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isinsoy Uzun is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Dirlik Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch are: 171169
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acer Taskin is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Alara Cicek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gevher Seker is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 165061
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hayriye Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch this month are: 1251
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 2392
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jinsal Sari is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayindir branch this month are: 1787
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahrume Seker is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Ferid Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sahinbey branch is Hakim Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Ekim Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 177913
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch are: 182635
Benay Dede is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dehan Aslan is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 2708
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch this month are: 2316
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 1847
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch are: 192886
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mefharet Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Izzettin Sahin is leaving from branch: Islahiye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hekimhan branch is Hamit Duran.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch this month are: 2464
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 2779
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch are: 180956
Manager of the Kagithane branch is Abadan Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Daim Celik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch are: 183054
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch this month are: 2399
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch this month are: 2665
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İclal Demir is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenyurt branch this month are: 2732
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Lavin Tuncer.
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch this month are: 3389
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch are: 177159
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 3679
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 4874
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 3301
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch are: 192886
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cannur Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 3002
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Basim Karahan is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Danyal Nas is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 3076
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 3083
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch this month are: 2999
There is no such employee.
Eylem Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 3512
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 2326
There is no such employee.
Abadın Ay is leaving from branch: Menderes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbase Mengi is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hani branch are: 191691
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 77
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 188
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bakirkoy branch is Afet Buyuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farise Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch this month are: 319
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch this month are: 111
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch this month are: 226
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Ferid Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch this month are: 318
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbad Dag is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 360
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch this month are: 117
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cankaya branch is Irmak Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sariyer branch is Filiz Cengiz.
Dayahatun Sahin is leaving from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch are: 177787
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Füreyya Mengi.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Hulusi Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazale Sari is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 453
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch are: 183904
There is no such employee.
Galip Dagdelen is leaving from branch: Bayindir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch are: 168666
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch this month are: 292
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch are: 179662
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 533
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch are: 187185
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 899
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch are: 180314
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fahir Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 524
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baran Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch this month are: 757
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Hafız Demir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 716
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 1088
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fahrettin Erkan is leaving from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 633
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 587
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Firuze Cetin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch are: 176239
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baglar branch is Feridun Aksu.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 976
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 767
Fecir Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Selcuk branch this month are: 451
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 896
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch this month are: 1031
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecem Demir is leaving from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahmure Erkan is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch this month are: 205
Manager of the Bakirkoy branch is Afet Buyuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch this month are: 527
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 335
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch this month are: 850
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 993
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kinik branch is Mahrur Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Emetullah Aslan is leaving from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dirok Kaya is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Felit Yasar is leaving from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Feleytun Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karaburun branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Hüdaverdi Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Abak Celik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hekimhan branch is Hamit Duran.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 1112
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 1226
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 536
There is no such employee.
Ebyar Gunay is leaving from branch: Karacabey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Benan Tasdemir is leaving from branch: Maltepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Camlidere branch is Habibullah Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Evren branch is Insel Yildiran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Faize Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 677
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch this month are: 636
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derin Er is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
Manager of the Esenyurt branch is Filizer Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 1385
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berkan Aksu is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 1294
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 559
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acarbike Alp is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sahinbey branch is Hakim Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch are: 188422
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 1352
There is no such employee.
Lale Sari is leaving from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gani Cengiz is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
Fidan Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 1725
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Behin Ozturk is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Eftal Erturk.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch are: 183976
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch this month are: 1434
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 697
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch this month are: 1060
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Selcuk branch are: 170136
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 991
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch are: 185628
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bangu Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Abdulkadir Temel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 1850
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch are: 169941
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 1204
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch this month are: 1464
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch this month are: 872
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gedik Ucar is leaving from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch this month are: 1807
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 1302
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Abakan/Abakay Ozen.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Kayra Tasdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch are: 182893
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 1358
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gulsehir branch is Gazal Sari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch are: 174205
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 2050
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bakirkoy branch this month are: 406
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Agin branch is Alev Kilicaslan.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch this month are: 872
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch this month are: 1275
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Evren branch is Insel Yildiran.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Karin Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karadut Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Karacabey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch this month are: 1901
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 2121
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gediz Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch are: 175081
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halilullah Ozturk is leaving from branch: Maltepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Gizer Aydemir.
Dilkeste Celik is leaving from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 1744
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayindir branch is Berke Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadile Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 1540
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 1541
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Evren branch is Insel Yildiran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Jilda Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Abdulkadir Temel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habil Sarac is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adakli branch is Gece Yigit.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch this month are: 1019
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Harmancik branch is Evin Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gedik Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Firuze Cetin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Baha Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamuran Karakas is leaving from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 1682
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Cankut Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahise Aydin is leaving from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cansel Bayrak is leaving from branch: Adalar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 3026
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karaburun branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 2354
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Jilda Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erensu Koc is leaving from branch: Harmancik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayindir branch this month are: 2052
There is no such employee.
Ilhami Cengiz is leaving from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avanos branch is Ferdi Aydogan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Atilgan Ari is leaving from branch: Pendik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilaydin Sahin is leaving from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bakirkoy branch is Afet Buyuk.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch this month are: 2116
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 2742
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch this month are: 3481
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Aricak branch is Ebyar Dede.
There is no such employee.
Bahir Yildiran is leaving from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adakli branch is Gece Yigit.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Selcuk branch is Deryanur Senol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fezai Aydin is leaving from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanzala Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Benan Cicek is leaving from branch: Bakirkoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Füreyya Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch this month are: 2795
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch are: 169392
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 2134
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 192828
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 1823
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bakirkoy branch is Afet Buyuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch this month are: 2454
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jerfi Ari is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
Hazan Kaya is leaving from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch this month are: 2454
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Abdulkadir Temel.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch this month are: 3521
Manager of the Kartal branch is Irsad Yilmazer.
Manager of the Hani branch is Levin Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Kayra Tasdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İffet Tekin is leaving from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Abak Celik.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenyurt branch are: 190425
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Aba Aytac.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 3515
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch are: 187051
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 3325
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 2353
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch this month are: 2847
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 2742
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch are: 178587
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 0
Manager of the Odemis branch is Abakan/Abakay Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 88
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Dirlik Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Faize Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Atilgan Cetin is leaving from branch: Camlidere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hulki Sari is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 205
Balkin Koc is leaving from branch: Menderes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 326
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Hüdaverdi Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 465
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch this month are: 502
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gulsehir branch is Gazal Sari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 575
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menderes branch is Mahmude Alp.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gazel Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gaffar Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Faize Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 477
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferruh Taskin is dismissed from branch: Pendik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 732
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 513
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Baha Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kardan Yuksel is leaving from branch: Uskudar.
Manager of the Cankaya branch is Irmak Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gemlik branch is Hizir Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aygen Aslan is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch are: 195217
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch this month are: 1084
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baglar branch is Feridun Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 519
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch are: 194951
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jeyan Kucuk is leaving from branch: Ergani.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch this month are: 502
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halilullah Kaya is leaving from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Selcuk branch this month are: 999
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Altindag branch this month are: 819
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 667
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch this month are: 1006
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kainat Avci is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İdil Ucar is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Gizer Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch this month are: 1195
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch this month are: 740
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch are: 186191
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Irsad Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 1231
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Larasu Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 1226
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch this month are: 1238
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edaay Ari is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 2037
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch this month are: 1396
There is no such employee.
Gazel Arslan is leaving from branch: Eyup.
Manager of the Maltepe branch is Felin Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kecioren branch is Faide Kara.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch this month are: 1876
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch this month are: 1267
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bakirkoy branch this month are: 1345
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch this month are: 1349
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 2328
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Kayra Tasdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylim Sarac is leaving from branch: Harmancik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebrak Ucar is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Daim Celik.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 1978
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Dalan Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 1127
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 1797
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 1733
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch are: 178397
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 183377
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fatoş Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 2447
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Feleytun Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch this month are: 1785
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yeditepe branch is Irsat Erdogan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 2640
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 1741
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch this month are: 2386
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenler branch is Macide Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch this month are: 1817
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Asiye Dede is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Levzi Tekin is leaving from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Camlidere branch is Habibullah Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Firuz Cicek is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Ferid Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Handan Koc is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Konak branch is Fermani Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 1471
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beylikduzu branch is Itri Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch are: 182540
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Altindag branch is Burç Yavuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch this month are: 1841
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adalar branch is Barut Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hani branch this month are: 2701
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cankaya branch is Irmak Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch this month are: 2323
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 2273
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 1628
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 3298
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 2403
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch this month are: 2175
Manager of the Karaburun branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Firuze Cetin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch are: 177433
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Harmancik branch is Evin Arslan.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beylikduzu branch is Itri Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delice Seker is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayindir branch is Berke Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch this month are: 2622
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sariyer branch is Filiz Cengiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 3717
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 3453
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avanos branch this month are: 2018
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 3091
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 3381
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Hüdaverdi Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huriye Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karaburun branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch this month are: 3212
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bakirkoy branch this month are: 2689
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 3192
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adalar branch is Barut Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch this month are: 4016
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Katre Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadime Ucar is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 3415
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yeditepe branch this month are: 3149
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adalar branch is Barut Durmaz.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch this month are: 3501
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Camlidere branch is Habibullah Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Selcuk branch is Deryanur Senol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jinsal Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 3979
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Hulusi Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch this month are: 3869
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hani branch this month are: 3794
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamuran Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 3453
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fırtına Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avanos branch is Ferdi Aydogan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Abakan/Abakay Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch this month are: 3505
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Feleytun Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Hüdaverdi Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Kayra Tasdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch this month are: 3984
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Hanife Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gemlik branch is Hizir Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Etkin Er is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Balkiz Aygun is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch this month are: 3681
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Daim Celik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Selcuk branch is Deryanur Senol.
Dünya Bayrak is leaving from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Pendik branch is Dijdar Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 4505
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aliaga branch are: 199349
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erendil Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Füreyya Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karakız Arslan is leaving from branch: Hani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch this month are: 4135
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Doganyol branch is Fenni Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Silivri branch is Leyal Gunay.
Manager of the Konak branch is Fermani Gunes.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 3454
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch this month are: 4410
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Fatih branch is Leylan Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 179882
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch this month are: 194
There is no such employee.
Ceydanur Kose is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kaymak Alp is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 192
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch this month are: 34
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch are: 191496
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch are: 191499
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 133
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 432
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch are: 192707
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazil Kucuk is leaving from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Laylank Guler is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceydanur Kucuk is leaving from branch: Kinik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch this month are: 0
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 533
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelincik Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
Felin Sahin is leaving from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 459
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch are: 180551
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch are: 188626
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylüfer Aslan is dismissed from branch: Hani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch are: 184329
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 43
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hani branch this month are: 336
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 443
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch are: 206464
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch are: 191761
There is no such employee.
Baskın Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch are: 185887
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch are: 183569
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 1409
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 355
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 389
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch are: 183318
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch are: 195406
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ertunga Buyuk is leaving from branch: Basaksehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch this month are: 532
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch are: 179778
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 595
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Keriman Bayrak is leaving from branch: Esenyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch this month are: 606
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch are: 192850
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Altindag branch are: 169896
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch this month are: 1262
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch are: 180980
Belen Arslan is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch this month are: 1373
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch are: 194994
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Darcan Aytac is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch are: 195364
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Loya Koc is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch are: 184396
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 1481
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch are: 192887
Manager of the Bayindir branch is Berke Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 558
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farik Nas is leaving from branch: Selcuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 1053
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch this month are: 1052
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 1316
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halide Cetin is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch this month are: 601
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 948
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ersevim Erkan is leaving from branch: Basaksehir.
Mahperi Dede is leaving from branch: Hani.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenyurt branch this month are: 1736
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch this month are: 1732
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch are: 203390
Manager of the Bakirkoy branch is Afet Buyuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch are: 186540
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balin Aydin is leaving from branch: Gudul.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch this month are: 1074
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch are: 191143
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch this month are: 867
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cankat Demirci is leaving from branch: Karakocan.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 173670
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch this month are: 705
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 1124
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karacabey branch are: 204751
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 2473
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canalp Yavuz is leaving from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch this month are: 947
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yeditepe branch this month are: 1212
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 1848
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch are: 196257
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch this month are: 881
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Altindag branch this month are: 2133
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch this month are: 1200
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenyurt branch are: 197853
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 2289
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 181623
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duman Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 2289
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch this month are: 1171
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cankaya branch is Irmak Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch this month are: 2080
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch this month are: 2958
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayindir branch this month are: 2219
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 2247
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 186889
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karina Er is leaving from branch: Aliaga.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch are: 185008
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch are: 199884
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch this month are: 1679
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch this month are: 2100
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 2612
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch are: 193237
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gizem Karakas is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Filizer Ozdemir is leaving from branch: Basaksehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Karin Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 1924
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch this month are: 1377
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch this month are: 2377
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch are: 192365
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebrak Kilic is leaving from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch this month are: 2627
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 1539
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 2245
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch are: 178861
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 2274
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch this month are: 1808
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch are: 191290
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch this month are: 3019
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch are: 183452
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 3193
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fatoş Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jinmir Cicek is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cezmiye Yuksel is leaving from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch are: 191389
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 3013
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gewez Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faraziye Balta is leaving from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Hüdaverdi Ari.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Hafız Demir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 2018
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aliaga branch this month are: 3107
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenyurt branch are: 198572
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch are: 181506
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch are: 186155
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 3433
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 174451
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berk Senol is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
Jale Ozdemir is leaving from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Ferid Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karmen Tekin is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faik Akbas is leaving from branch: Kucukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceydasu Aksoy is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karacabey branch this month are: 116
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch are: 178049
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch are: 194147
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farah Gul is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Maya Dede is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch this month are: 429
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 154
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsiyaka branch is Erdem Ipek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch are: 202605
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Ferid Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
Fadıla Genc is leaving from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 214
Manager of the Buca branch is Aba Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Selcuk branch this month are: 0
Total bonuses for the Kale branch this month are: 242
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Mayra Demir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Irsad Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 546
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch are: 193623
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch are: 208987
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch are: 178260
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch this month are: 952
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Füreyya Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Kayra Tasdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch this month are: 246
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Hafız Demir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 178
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hafsa Duran is dismissed from branch: Pendik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gulsehir branch is Gazal Sari.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yeditepe branch is Irsat Erdogan.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Faize Taskin.
Aziz Dag is leaving from branch: Agin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Heper Kuru is leaving from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 811
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 201148
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karacabey branch this month are: 366
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eftal Seker is leaving from branch: Buca.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 1111
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Altindag branch is Burç Yavuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dündar Aksoy is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch are: 185199
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kale branch is Ceydasu Sarac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 152
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch are: 194327
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Evren branch is Insel Yildiran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abadın Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 1029
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadice Acar is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkoç Oz is leaving from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gevher Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 1031
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch are: 196669
Daim Dede is leaving from branch: Islahiye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adakli branch is Gece Yigit.
Total bonuses for the Altindag branch this month are: 691
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gaye Kocaman is leaving from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 1308
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Aliaga branch is Galibe Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 1227
Total bonuses for the Altindag branch are: 172635
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Katre Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch this month are: 880
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jiyan Alp is leaving from branch: Camlidere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 606
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hekimhan branch is Hamit Duran.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Karin Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 1074
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feray Akbas is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch this month are: 1354
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kecioren branch this month are: 962
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sariyer branch is Filiz Cengiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 1007
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 1579
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Irsad Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch are: 180443
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 203918
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayla Oz is leaving from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch this month are: 708
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 736
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Evren branch is Insel Yildiran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Ekim Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İffet Cetin is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
Manager of the Altindag branch is Burç Yavuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fulya Aslan is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 804
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 1878
Janbek Duran is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Hanife Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avanos branch this month are: 1646
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch this month are: 1697
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Harmancik branch is Evin Arslan.
Total bonuses for the Bayindir branch are: 186878
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Aysu Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch this month are: 1220
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayindir branch is Berke Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gaye Yigit is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch are: 203711
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karacabey branch this month are: 709
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 1644
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Ekim Toker.
There is no such employee.
Ilbay Gunes is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 262
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch are: 195446
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Selcuk branch this month are: 1358
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Enhar Kara is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bakirkoy branch this month are: 1528
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Harmancik branch is Evin Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deryanur Yucel is leaving from branch: Bismil.
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Gizer Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 1132
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Fatih branch is Leylan Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatine Aslan is leaving from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch this month are: 1706
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leman Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Maltepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sahinbey branch is Hakim Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch are: 203958
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kale branch is Ceydasu Sarac.
Manager of the Gudul branch is Ilbas Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hani branch this month are: 1489
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch are: 198853
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacil Avci is leaving from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch are: 193403
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Feleytun Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch are: 203958
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch this month are: 1497
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch are: 180878
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 1635
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Abak Celik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Madelet Erkan.
There is no such employee.
Esennur Aytac is leaving from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 2521
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edgü Ucar is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bakirkoy branch is Afet Buyuk.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Abak Celik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Damra Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch are: 192877
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 1854
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Hüdaverdi Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bediz Akbas is leaving from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Harmancik branch is Evin Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adakli branch is Gece Yigit.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bakirkoy branch this month are: 2202
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Kayra Tasdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch this month are: 2289
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baldemir Aytac is leaving from branch: Harmancik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 2038
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 2394
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 176139
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Daim Celik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch this month are: 3257
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanzala Aslan is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beylikduzu branch is Itri Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 1710
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Havle Aytac is leaving from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kagithane branch is Abadan Arslan.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Aysu Yildirim.
Manager of the Palu branch is Göçmen Cicek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 2075
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gemlik branch is Hizir Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Melodi Aktas is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
Halim Acar is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdurrahman Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch are: 196834
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cankaya branch is Irmak Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 2835
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 2782
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch are: 200229
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Lavin Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Baha Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch are: 195969
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yeditepe branch this month are: 2593
Total bonuses for the Selcuk branch are: 179992
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 3095
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch this month are: 2530
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 1957
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Eftal Erturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Guzelbahce branch is Abakay Aygun.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Kayra Tasdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 3027
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baglar branch is Feridun Aksu.
Manager of the Evren branch is Insel Yildiran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 2590
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 2275
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fena Er is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karaca Demir is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch this month are: 3850
Gizer Polat is leaving from branch: Basaksehir.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch this month are: 3082
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Göçmen Cicek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 2087
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Levzi Yuksel is leaving from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 2258
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gulsehir branch is Gazal Sari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Selcuk branch is Deryanur Senol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hani branch is Levin Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch are: 188255
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Aliaga branch is Galibe Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cankaya branch is Irmak Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 2413
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Baha Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch are: 184441
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Selcuk branch this month are: 3383
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenler branch is Macide Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch are: 186335
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyal Aktas is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenler branch is Macide Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch are: 185054
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yeditepe branch this month are: 3593
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baglar branch is Feridun Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayindir branch are: 188542
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Dalan Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Göçmen Sarac is leaving from branch: Gudul.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gemlik branch is Hizir Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 3298
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Abdulkadir Temel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenler branch is Macide Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Füreyya Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch are: 178437
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yeditepe branch is Irsat Erdogan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch this month are: 2819
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch this month are: 2938
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Pendik branch is Dijdar Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 3096
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayindir branch is Berke Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch are: 204931
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 4402
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Pendik branch is Dijdar Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch are: 202914
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch are: 185735
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Loya Ozen is leaving from branch: Selcuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Fatih branch is Leylan Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch are: 197562
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karaburun branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 2921
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch are: 197424
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch are: 198343
There is no such employee.
Ferhunde Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Hani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch are: 209665
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eftal Erturk is leaving from branch: Haymana.
Merze Erturk is promoted from Cook to Manager.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Konak branch is Fermani Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bozkaya Ay is leaving from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yeditepe branch are: 174073
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Madelet Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Evren branch is Insel Yildiran.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch are: 205196
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Füreyya Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Irsad Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Silivri branch is Leyal Gunay.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch are: 189028
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Daim Celik.
Manager of the Menderes branch is Mahmude Alp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayla Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Gihev Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch are: 213290
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Selcuk branch are: 181326
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Jilda Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazel Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Darcan Senol is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Irsad Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karacabey branch this month are: 144
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Hulusi Sahiner.
Manager of the Kecioren branch is Faide Kara.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Ferid Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Faize Taskin.
Mahiye Mert is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hursit Erdogan is leaving from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch are: 178624
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 161
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Selcuk branch is Deryanur Senol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Husam Polat is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Abak Celik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Gihev Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Baha Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karacabey branch this month are: 278
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fena Cengiz is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Silivri branch is Leyal Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Katre Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Dalan Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch this month are: 940
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch are: 189729
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Insel Sari is leaving from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhan Akbas is leaving from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Camlidere branch is Habibullah Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch are: 202554
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadime Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Husamettin Demirci is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Irsad Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canfeda Yasar is leaving from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ermiye Gunay is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 632
Manager of the Urla branch is Fatine Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamuran Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Lavin Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 958
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kalender Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 186634
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch are: 203530
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gulsehir branch is Gazal Sari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kale branch is Ceydasu Sarac.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Hanife Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Camlidere branch is Habibullah Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belen Uzun is leaving from branch: Guzelbahce.
Bahanur Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch are: 191375
Mensure Tasdemir is leaving from branch: Kecioren.
Manager of the Adalar branch is Barut Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 1103
Manager of the Solhan branch is Hulusi Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fercan Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Katre Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Karin Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Harmancik branch is Evin Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kecioren branch is Faide Kara.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Feleytun Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Pendik branch is Dijdar Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 1257
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 1396
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yeditepe branch are: 175027
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 1702
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Jilda Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Hulusi Sahiner.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch are: 191543
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Kayra Tasdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 1426
Manager of the Ergani branch is Dalan Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Ekim Toker.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Evren branch is Insel Yildiran.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gemlik branch is Hizir Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch are: 198597
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Latife Akbas is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch are: 191656
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch are: 214528
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylüfer Dag is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ezgi Cicek is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 1792
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Abdulkadir Temel.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch are: 190367
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch are: 191938
Manager of the Kagithane branch is Abadan Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch are: 189468
Manager of the Baglar branch is Feridun Aksu.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Abakan/Abakay Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch are: 199136
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch this month are: 1617
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Baha Aydemir.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Abakan/Abakay Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 1941
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hekimhan branch is Hamit Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 1771
Manager of the Merkez branch is Alara Cicek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hincal Alkan is leaving from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch are: 195598
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 1898
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cankaya branch is Irmak Aksu.
Manager of the Aliaga branch is Galibe Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Aba Aytac.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch are: 191058
There is no such employee.
Ceydanur Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kucukcekmece branch is Jilda Ozturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Agin branch is Alev Kilicaslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aba Sahiner is leaving from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Göçmen Cicek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Cankut Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karaburun branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Fatine Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Camlidere branch is Habibullah Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Guzelbahce branch is Abakay Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdoğan Ozturk is leaving from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yeditepe branch is Irsat Erdogan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Aliaga branch is Galibe Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yeditepe branch this month are: 1770
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch are: 193386
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecenaz Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch are: 199299
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Hafız Demir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch are: 199299
Manager of the Baskil branch is Hüdaverdi Ari.
Kamuran Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kecioren branch is Faide Kara.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch are: 193262
Manager of the Esenler branch is Macide Genc.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 207621
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Pendik branch is Dijdar Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 1488
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 2626
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch are: 196759
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Madelet Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch are: 191574
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kale branch is Ceydasu Sarac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 207368
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 207368
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Lavin Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayindir branch is Berke Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch are: 187843
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Aliaga branch is Galibe Ozen.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 192644
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Kayra Tasdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bakirkoy branch is Afet Buyuk.
There is no such employee.
Jergar Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Daim Celik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch are: 208209
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lal Ucar is leaving from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 208
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch are: 192635
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gihev Kaya is leaving from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Camlidere branch is Habibullah Yasar.
Manager of the Buca branch is Aba Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Abak Celik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch are: 189772
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch are: 199891
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lemide Yigit is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hizir Korkmaz is leaving from branch: Cankaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Silivri branch is Leyal Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Hulusi Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenyurt branch is Filizer Nas.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch are: 203304
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isa Akpinar is leaving from branch: Hani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Fatih branch is Leylan Toker.
There is no such employee.
Başağa Alp is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch are: 203304
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hulki Temel is leaving from branch: Aricak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Firuze Cetin.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gemlik branch is Hizir Mengi.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch are: 185607
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gulsehir branch is Gazal Sari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Doganyol branch is Fenni Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch are: 198693
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 377
There is no such employee.
Bakanay Seker is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecesoy Sahin is leaving from branch: Karsel.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gazel Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch are: 207561
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gudul branch is Ilbas Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 419
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch are: 194661
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch are: 193300
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 639
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ledeyna Gunay is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch are: 182796
Total bonuses for the Aliaga branch this month are: 491
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenler branch is Macide Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Abdulkadir Temel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Madelet Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dildan Yildirim is leaving from branch: Gudul.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch are: 189298
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch are: 205854
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kardelen Yildiz is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch are: 205710
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karin Kara is leaving from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahrur Ay is leaving from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Damra Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avanos branch this month are: 1031
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikri Acar is leaving from branch: Basaksehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 1387
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamaset Ari is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkin Kaya is leaving from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch this month are: 1287
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Hulusi Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adakli branch is Gece Yigit.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dijdar Durmaz is leaving from branch: Pendik.
Garibe Gunay is promoted from Cook to Manager.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kagithane branch is Abadan Arslan.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch are: 212367
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Irsad Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Dal Kose.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jenin Tasdemir is leaving from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch are: 194313
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch are: 181573
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fecri Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menderes branch is Mahmude Alp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch are: 189123
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Jilda Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kecioren branch is Faide Kara.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 1374
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch are: 200575
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Harmancik branch is Evin Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bakirkoy branch are: 193234
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Karin Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hani branch is Levin Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch are: 186407
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Alara Cicek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acarbey Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Pendik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch this month are: 1401
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Maltepe branch is Felin Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abay Uzun is leaving from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch this month are: 1625
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lema Ozturk is leaving from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 208825
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch are: 199525
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch are: 194237
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch are: 189417
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Agin branch is Alev Kilicaslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch this month are: 2039
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch are: 205112
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Izgutay Yildirim is leaving from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihvan Polat is leaving from branch: Menderes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch are: 200036
Total bonuses for the Avanos branch this month are: 1909
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Katre Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Basaksehir branch is Fırat Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch are: 184039
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Handan Kucuk is leaving from branch: Beyoglu.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 1671
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokben Yildirim is leaving from branch: Camlidere.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch this month are: 2140
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Selcuk branch are: 185730
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halide Sari is leaving from branch: Cankaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Dirlik Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Guzelbahce branch is Abakay Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Abak Celik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 1501
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Maltepe branch is Felin Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Damra Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Feleytun Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 2186
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 1988
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch are: 197606
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 2752
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 2708
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenyurt branch is Filizer Nas.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 1854
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fatoş Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Afet Avci is leaving from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch are: 189689
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Selcuk branch is Deryanur Senol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazire Aksu is leaving from branch: Karacabey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilal Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Hulusi Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hayat Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Havle Cetin is leaving from branch: Gudul.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch are: 209335
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Dalan Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Damra Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Faize Taskin.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bakirkoy branch are: 194032
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 181595
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Handan Kilic is dismissed from branch: Hani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aliaga branch are: 211082
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deran Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
Manager of the Baglar branch is Feridun Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch this month are: 1592
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irsad Yuksel is leaving from branch: Pendik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Hafız Demir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 209768
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Durul Kucuk is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch this month are: 2974
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Altindag branch this month are: 2582
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch are: 182886
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch are: 183046
Fariha Aygun is leaving from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Heper Saglam is leaving from branch: Avanos.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Katre Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hekimhan branch is Hamit Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasibe Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Füreyya Mengi.
Total bonuses for the Altindag branch are: 179295
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 2404
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch are: 202714
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kinik branch is Mahrur Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 210683
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch are: 210573
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch are: 202896
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fehim Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Göçmen Cicek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch this month are: 0
Manager of the Aricak branch is Ebyar Dede.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdoğan Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 239
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulrezzak Kaya is leaving from branch: Agin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Pendik branch is Garibe Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch are: 197306
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Silivri branch is Leyal Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayindir branch this month are: 159
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 336
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Madelet Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Guzelbahce branch is Abakay Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch are: 194875
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch are: 190461
Manager of the Beylikduzu branch is Itri Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsiyaka branch is Erdem Ipek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 349
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 665
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Hafız Saglam.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Dirlik Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch this month are: 519
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch this month are: 499
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch are: 200005
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 635
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Füreyya Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kale branch is Ceydasu Sarac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Behin Aslan is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Alara Cicek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aliaga branch this month are: 853
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Mayra Demir.
Total bonuses for the Bayindir branch are: 196570
There is no such employee.
Fecri Sahin is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 368
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aliaga branch are: 212352
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekmeleddin Alp is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kevser Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch are: 201655
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch this month are: 1234
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch are: 195507
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Basaksehir branch is Fırat Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Altindag branch are: 180324
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Loya Alp is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gemlik branch is Hizir Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Hafız Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyal Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Guzelbahce branch is Abakay Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kucukcekmece branch is Jilda Ozturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch are: 197930
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Damra Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilmi Yucel is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Lavin Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 1716
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Göçmen Cicek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 1348
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 1707
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Karin Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Maltepe branch is Felin Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aysun Alkan is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Dal Kose.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 1590
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Kayra Tasdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch are: 196267
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karadut Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenyurt branch is Filizer Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Abakan/Abakay Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gazel Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adakli branch is Gece Yigit.
Lara Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 2204
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 2542
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hani branch is Levin Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Gihev Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 1761
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Selcuk branch is Deryanur Senol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 3061
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kagithane branch is Abadan Arslan.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch this month are: 2324
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 1982
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch are: 210149
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch this month are: 1795
There is no such employee.
Lalin Gunay is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Mayra Demir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Aricak branch is Ebyar Dede.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Hafız Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 1998
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Cankut Avci.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 1913
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hafize Polat is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Camlidere branch is Habibullah Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Esmeray Ipek is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch are: 213575
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Evren branch is Insel Yildiran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 2648
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eren Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Ferid Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch are: 200611
Total bonuses for the Bayindir branch are: 198821
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 2205
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baglar branch is Feridun Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Jilda Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hani branch is Levin Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch this month are: 2953
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 3614
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Irsad Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feleytun Aygun is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Aba Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Katre Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 2224
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayindir branch are: 199252
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Aricak branch is Ebyar Dede.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch are: 209095
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hani branch this month are: 2008
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adakli branch is Gece Yigit.
Manager of the Agin branch is Alev Kilicaslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kucukcekmece branch is Jilda Ozturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Daim Celik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch are: 210936
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 2512
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bengisu Akbas is leaving from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch are: 199116
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 3329
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 2833
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch are: 204570
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Daim Celik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch are: 222702
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Lavin Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch are: 206058
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 4182
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hazan Kilicarslan is leaving from branch: Odemis.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Hafız Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 214499
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kale branch is Ceydasu Sarac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch are: 200960
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Altindag branch is Burç Yavuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 3044
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 203684
Manager of the Evren branch is Insel Yildiran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Faize Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekber Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Abdulkadir Temel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 3318
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Dal Kose.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Dal Kose.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch are: 209492
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 194187
Manager of the Adalar branch is Barut Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Ferid Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Lavin Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 3260
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch are: 206213
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 3207
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch are: 194299
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Cankut Avci.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Katre Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yeditepe branch is Irsat Erdogan.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch are: 208402
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 3048
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecehan Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
There is no such employee.
Celile Acar is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsiyaka branch is Erdem Ipek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Faize Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch are: 197826
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch are: 212311
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch this month are: 4392
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Feleytun Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 5031
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Damra Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch this month are: 2891
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baglar branch is Feridun Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Katre Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch this month are: 5949
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karaburun branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch are: 198648
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch this month are: 5017
There is no such employee.
Abad Dagdelen is leaving from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 3912
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch this month are: 2964
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayindir branch this month are: 4588
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Karin Gunes.
Total bonuses for the Kecioren branch are: 201836
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch are: 204668
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch are: 198670
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Merze Erturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Karin Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cankaya branch is Irmak Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch this month are: 45
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Alara Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Garabed Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Gizer Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 128
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavinya Yigit is dismissed from branch: Agin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bera Aktas is leaving from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch are: 214372
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Altindag branch this month are: 736
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aylin Aksu is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch this month are: 867
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 1837
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 1132
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Karin Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 1485
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch are: 199321
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 1159
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canipek Mert is leaving from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kecioren branch this month are: 2246
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ledeyna Kuru is leaving from branch: Avanos.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch are: 199840
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch this month are: 1362
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Merze Gunes is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karmen Cebeci is leaving from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Basri Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch are: 211335
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch are: 200662
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Adalet Gurbuz is leaving from branch: Esenyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eğilmez Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch are: 210319
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Merze Karahan is leaving from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch are: 215101
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Merze Erturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebrar Ucar is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hades Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karina Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bediz Tekin is dismissed from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch are: 210647
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasibe Aydemir is leaving from branch: Islahiye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 3281
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch are: 209767
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isa Er is dismissed from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch are: 207854
Daristan Tasdemir is leaving from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihvan Mert is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kecioren branch this month are: 3224
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 2853
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 4243
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dafne Kara is dismissed from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch this month are: 3039
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch are: 216777
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch are: 210769
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Damra Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Katre Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kardan Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch are: 222799
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duran Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erendil Mengi is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Atilgan Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch are: 198969
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 3442
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gizer Toprak is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch this month are: 2790
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yeditepe branch is Irsat Erdogan.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch this month are: 3265
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belemir Oz is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daim Aydin is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Aricak branch is Ebyar Dede.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jehat Duran is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch are: 200053
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Camlidere branch is Habibullah Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kainat Gul is leaving from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch this month are: 212
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Abdulkadir Temel.
There is no such employee.
Hadice Erkan is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Insel Sari is leaving from branch: Menderes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farah Akbas is leaving from branch: Beylikduzu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 496
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fatoş Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamza Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iyiturk Duran is leaving from branch: Genc.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch this month are: 546
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 481
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avanos branch is Ferdi Aydogan.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Basaksehir branch is Fırat Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekber Mengi is leaving from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baglar branch is Feridun Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Fatih branch is Leylan Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beylikduzu branch is Itri Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gaye Aksoy is leaving from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 1089
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gazel Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch are: 218552
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karacabey branch this month are: 671
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 907
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch are: 203226
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Dirlik Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gudul branch is Ilbas Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 841
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Aricak branch is Ebyar Dede.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Aysu Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceydacan Yasar is leaving from branch: Harmancik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Hanife Balta.
Manager of the Silivri branch is Leyal Gunay.
Ilgi Dagdelen is leaving from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karaburun branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beylikduzu branch is Itri Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karaburun branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
Fadıla Arslan is leaving from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kecioren branch this month are: 1005
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Maltepe branch is Felin Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Katre Kocaman.
Manager of the Gudul branch is Ilbas Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 1843
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch this month are: 900
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Guzelbahce branch is Abakay Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch this month are: 1460
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch this month are: 1678
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adakli branch is Gece Yigit.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacer Ekinci is leaving from branch: Aliaga.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch are: 197521
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayindir branch is Berke Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 1186
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Karin Gunes.
There is no such employee.
Garibe Arslan is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Faize Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gulsehir branch is Gazal Sari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Firuze Cetin.
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch this month are: 1896
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adakli branch is Gece Yigit.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gemlik branch is Hizir Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gulsehir branch is Gazal Sari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch this month are: 1262
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 210952
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch are: 220144
Total bonuses for the Kecioren branch this month are: 1725
Fezai Akbas is leaving from branch: Hekimhan.
Manager of the Silivri branch is Leyal Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hani branch is Levin Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 1305
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 934
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Doganyol branch is Fenni Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Doganyol branch is Fenni Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 2066
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Aricak branch is Ebyar Dede.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 806
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 1397
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Harmancik branch is Evin Arslan.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch this month are: 2005
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Hulusi Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazh Avci is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fehim Dagdelen is leaving from branch: Islahiye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 2723
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mamure Demirci is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
Gevher Mert is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 2014
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Feleytun Erkan.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Karin Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayindir branch are: 206363
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamelya Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbase Aydin is leaving from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İlkben Gunes is leaving from branch: Selcuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Ferid Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bala Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch are: 200762
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hulusi Yildiz is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 1410
Ilgi Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 2625
There is no such employee.
Canay Gunes is leaving from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kecioren branch this month are: 2614
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 1949
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duru Mert is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch this month are: 2596
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 1891
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch are: 205270
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Alara Cicek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch are: 213780
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Camlidere branch is Habibullah Yasar.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Ekim Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gudul branch is Ilbas Ceylan.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Faize Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch this month are: 1837
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 2724
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 192926
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 1135
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch this month are: 2780
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bakirkoy branch this month are: 3260
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Harmancik branch is Evin Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Füreyya Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch this month are: 2222
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 2014
Abbad Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch this month are: 2497
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Abakan/Abakay Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gece Alp is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch this month are: 2496
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch this month are: 1921
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ajda Celik is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adalar branch is Barut Durmaz.
Gazire Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch this month are: 2516
Gizer Cengiz is leaving from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Katre Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hediye Dagdelen is leaving from branch: Agin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch this month are: 2906
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Hafız Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch this month are: 2387
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Felin Tekin is leaving from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 3088
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sahinbey branch is Hakim Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Hanife Balta.
Egezade Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkin Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bakirkoy branch is Afet Buyuk.
Fatma Dede is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 2190
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahfer Yildiz is leaving from branch: Gudul.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 3571
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abak Kaya is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 3379
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fulya Elmas is leaving from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch are: 210523
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamdullah Genc is leaving from branch: Pendik.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Islahiye branch is Gokben Ay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch are: 210694
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakim Guler is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karacabey branch are: 226911
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Memduha Sarac is leaving from branch: Bayindir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Maya Ucar is leaving from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch this month are: 3337
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch this month are: 4021
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kecioren branch this month are: 4445
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbay Yildiz is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 3874
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Faize Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Laylank Sahin is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayindir branch is Berke Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Göçmen Cicek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Gizer Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch are: 207583
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch this month are: 69
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demirezen Kocak is leaving from branch: Kucukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canipek Kaya is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Efdal Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecmel Sarac is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beylikduzu branch is Itri Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Daim Celik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch this month are: 734
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adalar branch is Barut Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ergin Taskin is leaving from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch this month are: 274
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch are: 214300
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Larasu Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch are: 206789
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abuşka Gunay is leaving from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch this month are: 656
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kinik branch is Mahrur Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 838
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İlayda Karakas is leaving from branch: Hani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Dalan Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aytunç Arslan is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cankut Erdogan is leaving from branch: Maltepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hekimhan branch is Hamit Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Karin Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baglar branch is Feridun Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahariye Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch this month are: 1122
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ersevim Uzun is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 224708
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 811
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Selcuk branch this month are: 917
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch this month are: 1335
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 1926
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch are: 206292
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hayat Buyuk is leaving from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Alara Cicek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gudul branch is Ilbas Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baglar branch is Feridun Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aliaga branch are: 225614
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Ekim Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 1812
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Levin Karahan is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karacabey branch is Izgutay Aktas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch are: 218362
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Pendik branch is Garibe Gunay.
There is no such employee.
Fatmanur Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Menderes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jergar Aygun is leaving from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch this month are: 1276
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Meriç Erturk is leaving from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elvan Taskin is leaving from branch: Aricak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch this month are: 1608
Manager of the Agin branch is Alev Kilicaslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Damra Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 227357
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ibrahim Yildirim is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cankaya branch is Irmak Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Daim Celik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Baha Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Firuze Cetin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch are: 201957
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Macide Alp is leaving from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch are: 225455
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch are: 229153
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Gihev Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch are: 228016
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch are: 206693
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch are: 225526
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Feleytun Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kale branch is Ceydasu Sarac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 2110
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch this month are: 2647
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gudul branch is Ilbas Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Konak branch is Fermani Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Karin Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Harmancik branch is Evin Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilham Gul is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cannur Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch are: 222155
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iyiturk Toker is leaving from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 228234
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch this month are: 254
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamiyet Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Banu Toprak is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
Iras Dag is leaving from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch this month are: 263
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamile Ekinci is leaving from branch: Hani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch this month are: 668
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bozdemir Kilicarslan is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Idris Aytac is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cezire Mert is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahmude Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 1610
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbay Aksoy is leaving from branch: Karacabey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahru Demirci is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kecioren branch is Faide Kara.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch this month are: 968
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch are: 210839
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamdullah Nas is leaving from branch: Adalar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch this month are: 1857
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakan Acar is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gerçek Polat is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 2078
There is no such employee.
Lavanta Dagdelen is leaving from branch: Camlidere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahfer Demirci is leaving from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lebriz Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mamure Uzun is dismissed from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Falaz Er is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Burak Ekinci is leaving from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 3271
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Firuze Mert is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karaca Yildiran is leaving from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadis Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilferah Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Baha Aydemir.
Abdurrahman Kuru is leaving from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch are: 219895
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Merze Erturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başak Mert is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acer Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 3292
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sahinbey branch is Hakim Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbilge Yigit is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Maltepe branch is Felin Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Madelet Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 197986
There is no such employee.
Hanbey Sarac is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch are: 220807
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 4324
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Asuman Demir is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kecioren branch this month are: 4824
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdi Dagdelen is leaving from branch: Kinik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgar Arslan is leaving from branch: Kinik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hekimhan branch is Hamit Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Dal Kose.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Evren branch is Insel Yildiran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 233
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Ekim Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kahya Toprak is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Daim Celik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Göçmen Cicek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Hüdaverdi Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Karin Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Madelet Aktas is dismissed from branch: Agin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Hanife Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Gizer Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch are: 234478
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Firuze Cetin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Madelet Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch are: 223032
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 185
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch are: 213631
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Katre Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch this month are: 532
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Aricak branch is Ebyar Dede.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Jilda Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch are: 214747
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hani branch is Levin Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gudul branch is Ilbas Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Fatine Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sariyer branch is Filiz Cengiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 1147
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch are: 214232
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch this month are: 656
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Camlidere branch is Habibullah Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch are: 214232
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 921
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Madelet Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Basaksehir branch is Fırat Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Göçmen Cicek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 1471
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avanos branch is Ferdi Aydogan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch are: 228014
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Furkan Yigit is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Evren branch is Insel Yildiran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Hulusi Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 1185
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Evren branch is Insel Yildiran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dehna Yigit is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Harmancik branch is Evin Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Evren branch is Insel Yildiran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Baha Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karaburun branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lebibe Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Abdulkadir Temel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 1162
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gulsehir branch is Gazal Sari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gulsehir branch is Gazal Sari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hekimhan branch is Hamit Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch are: 235919
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Evren branch is Insel Yildiran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Irsad Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Harmancik branch is Evin Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch this month are: 1807
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Irsad Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 1606
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duran Cebeci is leaving from branch: Aliaga.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Ferid Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenyurt branch is Filizer Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayberk Yasar is leaving from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 1601
Gaffur Senol is leaving from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Abak Celik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Kayra Tasdemir.
Manager of the Evren branch is Insel Yildiran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Selcuk branch this month are: 1952
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Hafız Demir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Faize Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch are: 212414
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Islahiye branch is Gokben Ay.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Hulusi Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Doganyol branch is Fenni Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kagithane branch is Abadan Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yeditepe branch is Irsat Erdogan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 212830
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sariyer branch is Filiz Cengiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hekimhan branch is Hamit Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Dalan Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Guzelbahce branch is Abakay Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Selcuk branch is Deryanur Senol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Dalan Yildiz.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Karin Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Daim Celik.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Hulusi Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kecioren branch is Faide Kara.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gudul branch is Ilbas Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch are: 214242
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baglar branch is Feridun Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Altindag branch is Burç Yavuz.
Manager of the Altindag branch is Burç Yavuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Jilda Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch are: 226885
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Dirlik Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 2391
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch are: 244918
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hani branch are: 233205
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Aba Aytac.
Benay Avci is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Asli Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Hani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kucukcekmece branch is Jilda Ozturk.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch this month are: 3099
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gudul branch is Ilbas Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch are: 217634
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Asli Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Lavin Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch are: 216501
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baglar branch is Feridun Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lamiye Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kucukcekmece branch is Jilda Ozturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch this month are: 250
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch are: 234756
Dilsozi Temel is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edra Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Hani.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 274
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yeditepe branch this month are: 394
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Silivri branch is Leyal Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Hüdaverdi Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fatoş Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Alara Cicek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acarhatun Arslan is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch are: 224777
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavanta Alp is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huriye Yasar is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 713
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Aricak branch is Ebyar Dede.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 221271
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Fatih branch is Leylan Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 235608
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elmira Alp is leaving from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sahinbey branch is Hakim Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Jilda Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferdi Acar is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 675
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Esennur Duran is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazale Ceylan is leaving from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eğmen Gunes is dismissed from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch are: 238103
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karaburun branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kecioren branch are: 222358
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kecioren branch this month are: 1168
There is no such employee.
Ganime Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Selcuk branch this month are: 829
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baglar branch is Feridun Aksu.
Manager of the Kagithane branch is Abadan Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Karin Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aygen Ozen is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 911
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 1494
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 1082
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Etkin Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irmak Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aliaga branch are: 235708
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch this month are: 1286
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 2036
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Madelet Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch this month are: 1485
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Camlidere branch is Habibullah Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Feleytun Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch are: 219074
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gulsehir branch is Gazal Sari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kecioren branch this month are: 1849
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avanos branch this month are: 1094
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch this month are: 2442
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch are: 217446
Manager of the Hekimhan branch is Hamit Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Enhar Alp is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Hafız Demir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bakirkoy branch is Afet Buyuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Altindag branch is Burç Yavuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fer Tekin is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalım Alp is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Irsad Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylifer Taskin is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eğmen Dede is leaving from branch: Beylikduzu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Gizer Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch are: 224923
Manager of the Hazro branch is Feleytun Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Aysu Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
Fatmanur Sarac is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch are: 214841
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kinik branch is Mahrur Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 3107
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 2457
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mediha Aygun is dismissed from branch: Adalar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sariyer branch is Filiz Cengiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Evren branch is Insel Yildiran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dildan Yavuz is leaving from branch: Kucukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karacabey branch is Izgutay Aktas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch this month are: 3044
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Silivri branch is Leyal Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bakiye Erturk is leaving from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Beliz Celik is leaving from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Lavin Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Azmi Senol is leaving from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Basaksehir branch is Fırat Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abadan Celik is leaving from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aykut Ucar is leaving from branch: Cankaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferid Aytac is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 204779
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Gihev Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Burak Sarac is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Basaksehir branch is Fırat Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch this month are: 2675
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgaz Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 3096
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başak Duran is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch this month are: 2133
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jerfi Mengi is leaving from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Altindag branch is Burç Yavuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Göçmen Cicek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cankaya branch is Irmak Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Ferid Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch this month are: 56
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilham Cetin is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch this month are: 491
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jefi Seker is dismissed from branch: Hani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aylin Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch this month are: 319
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Damra Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilsafa Kuru is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 744
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hiram Toprak is leaving from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edebali Ozen is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Merze Erturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch this month are: 389
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Adile Toker is leaving from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gulsehir branch is Gazal Sari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch this month are: 573
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 226
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayindir branch are: 221865
There is no such employee.
Ilgun Kilic is leaving from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Basaksehir branch is Fırat Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch this month are: 776
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gudul branch is Ilbas Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Alara Cicek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fenniye Kocaman is leaving from branch: Gudul.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 726
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch this month are: 389
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gencay Karahan is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
Manager of the Cankaya branch is Irmak Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch this month are: 899
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bera Yildirim is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 627
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Camlidere branch is Habibullah Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Hüdaverdi Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 463
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beylikduzu branch is Itri Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch are: 227715
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch this month are: 1013
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch this month are: 715
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 1137
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch this month are: 903
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch this month are: 1179
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Fatih branch is Leylan Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch this month are: 929
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erim Alp is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Aliaga branch is Galibe Ozen.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 738
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 947
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Barut Ipek is leaving from branch: Gulsehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kecioren branch this month are: 1664
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lamiha Cetin is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 901
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Ekim Toker.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Daim Celik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch this month are: 735
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Madelet Dag is dismissed from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bakirkoy branch this month are: 1125
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Aysu Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch this month are: 1267
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch this month are: 1137
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 1408
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 1656
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch this month are: 1137
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazi Sarac is leaving from branch: Maltepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch this month are: 525
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daime Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch this month are: 1388
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Madelet Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch this month are: 2059
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch this month are: 1157
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Füreyya Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 1845
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch this month are: 1898
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch are: 230749
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 1191
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch this month are: 1634
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gemlik branch is Hizir Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gudul branch is Ilbas Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adakli branch is Gece Yigit.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayindir branch this month are: 1473
Manager of the Hani branch is Levin Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 1496
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Karin Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Abdulkadir Temel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Camlidere branch is Habibullah Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Baha Aydemir.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 2289
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 1516
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Doganyol branch is Fenni Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch this month are: 1562
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch are: 230004
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 1827
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Janset Demirci is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kale branch is Ceydasu Sarac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 3103
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Altindag branch this month are: 2106
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 1675
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 1466
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Ekim Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch this month are: 1799
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Kayra Tasdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Basaksehir branch is Fırat Karahan.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Dal Kose.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch this month are: 2485
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jinsal Balta is leaving from branch: Selcuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adakli branch is Gece Yigit.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 2822
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Basaksehir branch is Fırat Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 1712
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 3259
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cavlan Kose is leaving from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 2822
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayindir branch this month are: 2125
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 1645
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch this month are: 2732
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kecioren branch is Faide Kara.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch this month are: 2063
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lebibe Temel is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Basaksehir branch is Fırat Karahan.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Dal Kose.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch this month are: 1736
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Cankut Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Birsoy Ceylan is leaving from branch: Urla.
Total bonuses for the Avanos branch this month are: 2788
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kucukcekmece branch is Jilda Ozturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Islahiye branch is Gokben Ay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 3416
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eyşan Tekin is leaving from branch: Aliaga.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cankaya branch is Irmak Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Aliaga branch is Galibe Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Firuze Cetin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 3021
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Pendik branch is Garibe Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Aba Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch this month are: 3567
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aydemir Ucar is leaving from branch: Basaksehir.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch this month are: 3441
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 3806
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayla Celik is leaving from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 3182
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kinik branch is Mahrur Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 1653
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 3665
Manager of the Agin branch is Alev Kilicaslan.
Canperver Duran is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
Danyal Cengiz is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Füreyya Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayindir branch this month are: 2744
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Karin Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch are: 224094
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yeditepe branch is Irsat Erdogan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menderes branch is Mahmude Alp.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch this month are: 3018
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 4084
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menderes branch is Mahmude Alp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hekimhan branch is Hamit Duran.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Irsad Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 4385
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 0
Manager of the Hekimhan branch is Hamit Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Doganyol branch is Fenni Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Silivri branch is Leyal Gunay.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch this month are: 184
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Jilda Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 70
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gudul branch is Ilbas Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fatoş Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch this month are: 243
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adakli branch is Gece Yigit.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canel Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayaz Celik is leaving from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gazel Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch this month are: 117
There is no such employee.
Felat Alkan is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
Abuşka Tekin is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Gihev Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 556
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Faize Taskin.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch this month are: 308
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenyurt branch this month are: 809
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Madelet Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Abdulkadir Temel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayindir branch this month are: 212
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beylikduzu branch is Itri Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Gihev Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Dirlik Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsiyaka branch is Erdem Ipek.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch this month are: 422
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gudul branch is Ilbas Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hani branch is Levin Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Altindag branch is Burç Yavuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kecioren branch this month are: 482
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Medar Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fatoş Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menderes branch is Mahmude Alp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lema Koc is dismissed from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Altindag branch this month are: 1017
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halilullah Balta is leaving from branch: Bakirkoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Katre Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Mayra Demir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch this month are: 908
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Altindag branch is Burç Yavuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dorukhan Erturk is dismissed from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avanos branch is Ferdi Aydogan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 242938
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Ferid Bayrak.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 997
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Damra Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sariyer branch is Filiz Cengiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceren Sarac is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Katre Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Irsad Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 1398
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch this month are: 1425
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Kayra Tasdemir.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Jilda Aydin.
Manager of the Agin branch is Alev Kilicaslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 1340
Irsad Gunes is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fırat Toker is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Laylank Duran is leaving from branch: Bayindir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch this month are: 703
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Ferid Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 1340
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 2598
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Karin Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Layike Yildirim is leaving from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Fatine Sahiner.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 1478
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fecir Dag is leaving from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gilyas Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avanos branch are: 224114
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beylikduzu branch is Itri Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenyurt branch is Filizer Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Aliaga branch is Galibe Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch are: 245327
Kadriye Alkan is dismissed from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 2132
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Hafız Demir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch this month are: 2500
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch this month are: 2791
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canan Arslan is leaving from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başar Aydin is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ersevim Sahiner is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Feleytun Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canel Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Hulusi Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch this month are: 2633
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch this month are: 1239
Eftal Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kecioren branch is Faide Kara.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch this month are: 2411
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhunde Karakas is leaving from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch this month are: 1977
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 1595
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Silivri branch is Leyal Gunay.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Ferid Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Lavin Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsiyaka branch is Erdem Ipek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgun Alkan is leaving from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Aricak branch is Ebyar Dede.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch are: 234284
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Basaksehir branch is Fırat Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 2460
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 1778
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch this month are: 2453
Total bonuses for the Kecioren branch this month are: 3697
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 2715
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenler branch is Macide Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayindir branch is Berke Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch are: 235086
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Doganyol branch is Fenni Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dündar Oz is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 1907
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Abakan/Abakay Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fenni Yasar is leaving from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Selcuk branch is Deryanur Senol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Basaksehir branch is Fırat Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Abdulkadir Temel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 2833
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gulsehir branch is Gazal Sari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Guzelbahce branch is Abakay Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahiye Temel is leaving from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başar Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bakirkoy branch this month are: 3676
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch this month are: 32
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch are: 226206
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Cankut Avci.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Maltepe branch is Felin Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 41
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch this month are: 96
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 354
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 144
Total bonuses for the Hani branch this month are: 50
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 41
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch this month are: 349
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamelya Yasar is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Kayra Tasdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Gihev Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 1309
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 785
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Feleytun Erkan.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch are: 217491
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 212
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 785
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch this month are: 524
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 580
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch this month are: 34
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 346
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 568
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch are: 226279
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch this month are: 974
Dalsar Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 607
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lebibe Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Aricak branch is Ebyar Dede.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch this month are: 760
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 316
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Ekim Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenyurt branch is Filizer Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Gihev Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahur Kaya is leaving from branch: Uskudar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 612
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 896
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch are: 240436
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kale branch is Ceydasu Sarac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mefharet Polat is dismissed from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 836
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 1483
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 909
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 1000
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 1000
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canay Cicek is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Total bonuses for the Bakirkoy branch this month are: 660
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 1000
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 1508
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 1891
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamiyet Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 1155
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 964
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Silivri branch is Leyal Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 1614
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch this month are: 825
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch this month are: 2056
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch are: 237104
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 2200
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 745
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch are: 224948
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch are: 235142
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kecioren branch is Faide Kara.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kecioren branch is Faide Kara.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch this month are: 2357
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hediye Taskin is leaving from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch this month are: 2137
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayvaz Nas is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canfeza Karakas is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch this month are: 1718
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch this month are: 2158
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch are: 249375
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch this month are: 2372
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Baha Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lebibe Duran is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hani branch this month are: 1899
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch are: 236009
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avanos branch is Ferdi Aydogan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 1998
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch are: 235838
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 3400
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Jilda Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 2859
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 1507
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch are: 232409
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aba Bayrak is leaving from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 2831
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 1989
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avanos branch is Ferdi Aydogan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Faize Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Medar Taskin is dismissed from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch are: 250149
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch this month are: 2793
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Altindag branch this month are: 2217
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch are: 250701
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bakirkoy branch are: 227655
There is no such employee.
Dalayer Acar is leaving from branch: Aliaga.
There is no such employee.
Feza Yildiran is leaving from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Maltepe branch is Felin Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hekimhan branch is Hamit Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch this month are: 3069
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Gihev Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Altindag branch are: 210750
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch this month are: 2955
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Hanife Balta.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hani branch this month are: 2921
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 2489
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kucukcekmece branch is Jilda Ozturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Banu Erkan is leaving from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Dirlik Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cannur Erturk is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch are: 226325
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch are: 220958
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch are: 225993
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İdil Duran is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Hüdaverdi Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenyurt branch are: 244334
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 178
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Karin Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Agin branch is Alev Kilicaslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adakli branch is Gece Yigit.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kecioren branch is Faide Kara.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Maltepe branch is Felin Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Hafız Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menderes branch is Mahmude Alp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Jilda Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daya Buyuk is leaving from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gazel Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Hanife Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Aba Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch are: 227626
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bakirkoy branch is Afet Buyuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch are: 244912
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch are: 231362
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Abakan/Abakay Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Hafız Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch are: 238622
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Ekim Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch are: 230620
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Göçmen Cicek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elbek Kose is dismissed from branch: Harmancik.
Bahiye Ipek is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhan Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceydasu Toker is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hani branch are: 246458
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Guzelbahce branch is Abakay Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Merze Erturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Daim Celik.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Basaksehir branch is Fırat Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Hulusi Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bakirkoy branch is Afet Buyuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gudul branch is Ilbas Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Füreyya Senol is leaving from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gemlik branch is Hizir Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenyurt branch is Filizer Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Aba Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch are: 243843
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Dirlik Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hekimhan branch is Hamit Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kale branch is Ceydasu Sarac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch are: 251635
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Pendik branch is Garibe Gunay.
There is no such employee.
Hamiyet Cetin is leaving from branch: Islahiye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch are: 242062
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hurol Senol is leaving from branch: Harmancik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Islahiye branch is Gokben Ay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karacabey branch are: 253953
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayindir branch is Berke Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch are: 238745
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sahinbey branch is Hakim Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch are: 251846
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch are: 242062
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch are: 240271
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch are: 221512
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 250083
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsiyaka branch is Erdem Ipek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Ferid Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Ferid Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
Dayehatun Seker is leaving from branch: Kinik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gulsehir branch is Gazal Sari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch this month are: 2751
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch are: 242982
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gungoren branch is Cankut Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 238272
Manager of the Guzelbahce branch is Abakay Aygun.
There is no such employee.
Mahur Kilic is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch are: 248075
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch are: 242876
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch this month are: 2085
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Harmancik branch is Evin Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 236688
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Letafet Karahan is leaving from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 228517
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Doganyol branch is Fenni Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenyurt branch are: 246239
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenyurt branch are: 246266
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch are: 246225
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch are: 225541
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch are: 239842
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fevzi Yildiran is leaving from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Basaksehir branch is Fırat Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 238519
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kale branch is Ceydasu Sarac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch are: 243848
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch this month are: 2431
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karacabey branch is Izgutay Aktas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Aysu Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beydag branch is Abak Celik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ertunga Toprak is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch are: 240088
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch are: 241519
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 229180
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 227868
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenyurt branch is Filizer Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Gizer Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adalar branch is Barut Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Madelet Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenyurt branch is Filizer Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Merze Erturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch are: 223184
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kucukcekmece branch is Jilda Ozturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiyar Ari is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Hafız Demir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikri Taskin is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karina Koc is leaving from branch: Pendik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch are: 246143
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadra Aslan is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Celile Tuncer is leaving from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadriye Gunay is leaving from branch: Gulsehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch are: 246676
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Hafız Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adalar branch is Barut Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jeyan Aydogan is leaving from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Dal Kose.
There is no such employee.
Aydonat Bayrak is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch are: 243545
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayindir branch this month are: 777
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kecioren branch is Faide Kara.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazele Tasdemir is leaving from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahfer Ozturk is leaving from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Afet Ari is dismissed from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 230078
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iris Oz is leaving from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karacabey branch this month are: 833
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecenaz Er is leaving from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kartal branch is Irsad Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erensu Aydin is leaving from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Havin Taskin is leaving from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aba Aydin is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 1510
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deryab Duran is leaving from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kalender Karahan is leaving from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fakri Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 1318
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cankaya branch is Irmak Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Islahiye branch is Gokben Ay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acarbike Ucar is leaving from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Maide Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahrume Seker is leaving from branch: Islahiye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Evren branch is Insel Yildiran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilfigar Yildiran is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bakirkoy branch this month are: 2267
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamaset Ceylan is leaving from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kardan Demirci is leaving from branch: Bayindir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acarhatun Arslan is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch are: 248228
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 2176
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gizer Aydogan is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilferah Mert is leaving from branch: Adakli.
Hakikat Sahin is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jutenya Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Agin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mefharet Demir is leaving from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalan Alp is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fakri Kucuk is leaving from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Altindag branch this month are: 2195
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Dirlik Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aydemir Nas is leaving from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dafne Mert is leaving from branch: Maltepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 1651
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dirlik Sarac is leaving from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakay Cetin is leaving from branch: Camlidere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bilal Ozen is leaving from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acem Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fercan Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Selcuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenyurt branch is Filizer Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Silivri branch is Leyal Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch this month are: 2339
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsiyaka branch is Erdem Ipek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eğmen Acar is leaving from branch: Avanos.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kalender Elmas is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karsel Ekinci is leaving from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalince Oz is dismissed from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch this month are: 223
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch are: 231126
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gayret Cicek is leaving from branch: Harmancik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 320
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch are: 257168
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch are: 250553
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch are: 233460
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch this month are: 99
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 661
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch this month are: 1052
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 207
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Merze Erturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch are: 248188
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dayehatun Senol is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
Ildem Aygun is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elanaz Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch are: 257913
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch are: 247686
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 215
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch are: 226769
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 219530
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch are: 238828
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch are: 232140
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenyurt branch this month are: 334
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yeditepe branch are: 218058
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 233271
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch this month are: 686
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakan/Abakay Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gencal Alp is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbilge Aktas is dismissed from branch: Karabaglar.
Total bonuses for the Bayindir branch this month are: 1195
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch this month are: 1080
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch this month are: 639
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 577
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch this month are: 639
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch this month are: 1439
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch are: 259064
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch this month are: 1349
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch are: 244625
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Açelya Acar is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch are: 231469
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 767
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch are: 240489
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 810
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fıda Gunes is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 1683
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bakirkoy branch this month are: 733
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch are: 237006
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 1635
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahzure Mengi is dismissed from branch: Bakirkoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 1931
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 1238
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch are: 248806
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch this month are: 1027
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch are: 244831
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 2572
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aliaga branch this month are: 956
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 1751
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 2029
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Alara Cicek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch are: 247129
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Hafız Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenyurt branch this month are: 929
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 1704
There is no such employee.
Haki Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karacabey branch this month are: 2174
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokben Ceylan is leaving from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch are: 249036
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch are: 253681
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hincal Alp is leaving from branch: Basaksehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gazel Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch this month are: 1641
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Baha Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 1495
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch this month are: 2542
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hani branch this month are: 3366
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 1473
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 3816
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ezra Tekin is leaving from branch: Cermik.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch are: 245811
There is no such employee.
Katun Uzun is dismissed from branch: Hekimhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karacabey branch is Izgutay Aktas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 2793
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 2793
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 1907
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch this month are: 2243
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecrin Cetin is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 2170
Total bonuses for the Yeditepe branch are: 219201
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 1821
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 1772
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 1841
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch are: 246395
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch this month are: 3055
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch this month are: 2931
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch this month are: 2034
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch this month are: 2061
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 3457
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cankat Cetin is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferruh Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Kucukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 3248
There is no such employee.
Fadil Senol is leaving from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isinkan Sarac is dismissed from branch: Gudul.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hani branch this month are: 4052
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Aricak branch is Ebyar Dede.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch are: 259938
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikri Dede is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch are: 246562
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch are: 244474
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 3318
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch this month are: 3929
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 3429
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch this month are: 3814
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jasmin Mengi is dismissed from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 3590
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 3110
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch this month are: 3647
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 3994
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Altindag branch this month are: 4066
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 3062
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 3113
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch are: 260473
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 4803
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch this month are: 3647
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 4101
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 2389
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenyurt branch this month are: 3224
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Levzi Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch are: 260511
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch this month are: 5516
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch are: 249817
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ediz Gurbuz is leaving from branch: Karacabey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eti Guler is leaving from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 4526
Girgin Mert is leaving from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch are: 260959
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch are: 260959
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch this month are: 5073
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch this month are: 3783
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch are: 256237
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 257530
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 257530
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yeditepe branch this month are: 21
Total bonuses for the Kale branch this month are: 205
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 31
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Camlidere branch is Habibullah Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huri Bayrak is leaving from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch are: 237102
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gudul branch is Ilbas Ceylan.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 105
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gemlik branch is Hizir Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 59
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Konak branch is Fermani Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch are: 238983
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch this month are: 201
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 8
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch this month are: 468
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Feleytun Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belgi Kucuk is leaving from branch: Karaburun.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch this month are: 182
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch this month are: 468
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 679
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avanos branch this month are: 566
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Altindag branch is Burç Yavuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 729
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Lavin Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Afet Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 788
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch this month are: 495
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch this month are: 384
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch are: 250569
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kecioren branch this month are: 409
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 658
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hekimhan branch is Hamit Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 262779
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Lavin Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 741
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cavide Tuncer is leaving from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsiyaka branch is Erdem Ipek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sahinbey branch is Hakim Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lema Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Basaksehir branch is Fırat Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kinik branch is Mahrur Yildirim.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 726
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hades Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 771
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 870
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayindir branch are: 241967
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 725
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hani branch this month are: 964
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch this month are: 1836
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayindir branch this month are: 963
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fatoş Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kinik branch is Mahrur Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 1079
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 1695
Manager of the Doganyol branch is Fenni Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch are: 252677
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch this month are: 864
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch this month are: 1519
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avanos branch this month are: 1195
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch this month are: 1645
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch are: 249786
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch this month are: 1197
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 1640
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch are: 248968
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 2217
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 2002
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferzin Senol is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Kayra Tasdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hani branch this month are: 1511
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch are: 240804
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch this month are: 1769
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch are: 241399
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 1123
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feridun Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 1099
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 2313
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karacabey branch are: 265684
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch this month are: 1381
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch this month are: 1711
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hulusi Sahiner is leaving from branch: Solhan.
Faruk Erkan is promoted from Cook to Manager.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karaburun branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 2096
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hekimhan branch is Hamit Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 1793
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch this month are: 1463
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch are: 252623
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 1788
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gemlik branch is Hizir Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 259835
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Maltepe branch is Felin Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 2459
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avanos branch are: 239697
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch are: 261866
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch are: 248525
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 1847
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Islahiye branch is Gokben Ay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenyurt branch is Filizer Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayindir branch this month are: 2266
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacı Nas is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch are: 250975
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch are: 255238
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Daim Celik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halide Arslan is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch this month are: 2013
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch this month are: 2293
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gudul branch is Ilbas Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yeditepe branch are: 223828
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Altindag branch this month are: 2164
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch this month are: 2696
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch this month are: 2777
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch this month are: 2981
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Islahiye branch is Gokben Ay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecem Sarac is leaving from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch are: 240709
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 3646
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bakirkoy branch are: 242677
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch this month are: 2803
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 3353
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch are: 261196
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 2173
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 2165
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch this month are: 3738
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 4844
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Dirlik Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazi Gunay is dismissed from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Selcuk branch this month are: 3070
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch this month are: 3343
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 3780
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Ekim Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch are: 233355
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yeditepe branch is Irsat Erdogan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 240927
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch this month are: 171
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 260744
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch are: 254432
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch are: 241958
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Madelet Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilsafa Kose is dismissed from branch: Agin.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Aba Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avanos branch is Ferdi Aydogan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayindir branch this month are: 609
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch are: 247536
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hincal Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch are: 255055
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 266446
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch are: 265718
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenyurt branch are: 258241
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dildan Sarac is leaving from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyan Erkan is dismissed from branch: Evren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avanos branch is Ferdi Aydogan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch this month are: 605
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch this month are: 1134
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenyurt branch this month are: 1184
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 1097
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch are: 252716
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakay Yigit is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch are: 275977
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch are: 240304
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 1186
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aysu Kilicarslan is leaving from branch: Doganyol.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch are: 255232
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch are: 248239
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Feleytun Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hatunana Demirci is leaving from branch: Menderes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch are: 259815
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sariyer branch is Filiz Cengiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Abakan/Abakay Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch are: 259815
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 1472
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch this month are: 1977
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch are: 254923
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 1364
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch are: 244048
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch are: 254070
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Göçmen Cicek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 251897
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eğilmez Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenyurt branch are: 259741
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch are: 257289
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 1981
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch this month are: 2508
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch this month are: 2303
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gazel Genc.
There is no such employee.
Ilgi Alkan is dismissed from branch: Esenyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbilge Celik is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cankat Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karacabey branch this month are: 3173
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch are: 252539
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lİna Cetin is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 2259
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 238383
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch are: 246113
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch are: 243295
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch are: 255854
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch are: 259982
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 2038
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 3046
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch are: 264506
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 3663
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekmeleddin Cengiz is leaving from branch: Altindag.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Ferid Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch are: 256738
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iras Sahin is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bakirkoy branch are: 246664
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch are: 263685
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Gihev Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch are: 239566
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch this month are: 3301
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch are: 258097
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Esved Temel is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenyurt branch are: 260408
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Merze Erturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazi Koc is leaving from branch: Bayindir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch are: 255753
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamra Kilic is leaving from branch: Haymana.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 251536
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch are: 248454
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Odemis branch are: 242580
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yeditepe branch are: 227205
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch are: 265847
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch this month are: 219
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch this month are: 84
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch are: 270432
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isinsoy Karahan is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Larasu Karahan is leaving from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch are: 270807
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyan Gul is leaving from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Selcuk branch this month are: 65
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Harmancik branch is Evin Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenyurt branch are: 261493
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilal Yildiran is leaving from branch: Esenyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 552
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch are: 251076
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Firuze Cetin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch are: 261861
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kecioren branch this month are: 581
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hurkan Yasar is dismissed from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 610
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch are: 254489
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayindir branch is Berke Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch this month are: 733
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baskın Ozen is leaving from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch are: 262193
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch are: 255330
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadik Kose is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 1629
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch are: 270401
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch this month are: 1426
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch are: 259711
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 966
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Karin Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch are: 253648
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kardem Aytac is leaving from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch are: 243362
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 775
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 829
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demirezen Ay is leaving from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamra Senol is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ikan Ay is dismissed from branch: Beylikduzu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 2463
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 241427
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Dalan Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kecioren branch is Faide Kara.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch this month are: 1272
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch this month are: 1760
There is no such employee.
Haki Taskin is leaving from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karacabey branch this month are: 2559
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ikram Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 1731
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 1998
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 3249
Total bonuses for the Bayindir branch this month are: 2245
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fitnat Aksoy is leaving from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 1004
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 1929
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kecioren branch this month are: 1767
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 245820
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Gihev Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fatoş Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
İlke Ari is dismissed from branch: Aricak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kecioren branch this month are: 1767
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch are: 267002
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch are: 251477
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 246130
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahrur Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Yeditepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch are: 255097
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch are: 257802
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch this month are: 2608
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch this month are: 2791
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 2580
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch this month are: 2856
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanif Arslan is leaving from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delice Yasar is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 230009
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kecioren branch this month are: 2083
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch this month are: 2637
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kecioren branch are: 250657
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Hanife Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch are: 263921
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 267438
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch are: 271583
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgi Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylifer Mert is leaving from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Hanife Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hekimhan branch is Hamit Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Janset Arslan is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Firuze Cetin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Hanife Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Firuze Cetin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekin Dede is leaving from branch: Kucukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasret Buyuk is leaving from branch: Altindag.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch are: 255525
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahanur Koc is dismissed from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Ekim Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahizar Kocak is leaving from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gulsehir branch is Gazal Sari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasibe Kaya is dismissed from branch: Gulsehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Alara Cicek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gazel Genc.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Ekim Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebrak Akbas is leaving from branch: Agin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch are: 265202
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Burç Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kinik branch is Mahrur Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Gihev Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Garabed Yavuz is leaving from branch: Hani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baglar branch is Feridun Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch are: 264028
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baskın Akbas is leaving from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gudul branch is Ilbas Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamit Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Agin branch is Alev Kilicaslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yeditepe branch are: 232083
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Heper Toker is leaving from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jalenur Akbas is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Altindag branch are: 231471
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cankat Kilic is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch are: 249330
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Karin Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Ekim Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Adile Ozdemir is leaving from branch: Maltepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Camlidere branch is Habibullah Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karacabey branch are: 278676
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Fatine Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cavide Tasdemir is leaving from branch: Hani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aliaga branch are: 270888
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch are: 261614
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch are: 245069
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Maide Uzun is leaving from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fakirullah Karakas is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Dirlik Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lebibe Acar is leaving from branch: Bakirkoy.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kafiye Oz is leaving from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch are: 257546
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bakinaz Aydin is leaving from branch: Gudul.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Katre Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acer Yildirim is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karacabey branch are: 279857
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Hafız Demir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch are: 263098
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Madelet Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Firuze Cetin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Firuze Cetin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Katre Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Aricak branch is Ebyar Dede.
There is no such employee.
Filinta Erkan is leaving from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gudul branch is Ilbas Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Galibe Ozen is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
Diba Gunay is promoted from Cook to Manager.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delfin Saglam is leaving from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hani branch are: 271101
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch this month are: 297
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jinsal Nas is leaving from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch are: 263297
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bakirkoy branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch are: 262332
Total bonuses for the Karacabey branch this month are: 146
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 308
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 241
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Medar Cebeci is leaving from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch this month are: 71
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 75
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch this month are: 177
Hacil Genc is dismissed from branch: Sancaktepe.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch are: 264771
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 252
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch this month are: 311
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch are: 251437
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch are: 264771
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch are: 258436
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch this month are: 563
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch this month are: 589
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 641
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch this month are: 504
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch this month are: 97
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch are: 253481
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 415
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch this month are: 308
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch are: 265648
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 235251
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch this month are: 819
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 273
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 682
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch are: 261938
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch are: 278903
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch this month are: 545
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karacabey branch are: 281430
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch this month are: 1517
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch this month are: 930
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch are: 252312
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalayer Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 485
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faysal Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch are: 258860
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 609
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yeditepe branch this month are: 672
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch this month are: 523
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch this month are: 1596
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 743
Total bonuses for the Hani branch are: 272107
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gezer Ucar is dismissed from branch: Hani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Selcuk branch this month are: 1574
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch are: 251244
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Furkan Polat is dismissed from branch: Hani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch this month are: 619
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch are: 258373
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch are: 277427
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenyurt branch this month are: 1264
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 1326
Total bonuses for the Merkez branch this month are: 1303
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daim Dag is leaving from branch: Aliaga.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbad Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch are: 257840
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch this month are: 1596
There is no such employee.
Dirlik Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch this month are: 1296
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch are: 261126
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canane Yildirim is leaving from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch this month are: 1863
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karacabey branch are: 282320
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 684
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Altindag branch are: 233786
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch this month are: 2345
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch are: 267756
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch are: 287514
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch this month are: 1529
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch this month are: 2236
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karacabey branch this month are: 1990
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Selcuk branch are: 249866
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Inanna Demir is leaving from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch this month are: 1606
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 1535
Manager of the Avanos branch is Ferdi Aydogan.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 2049
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch are: 252707
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch are: 270239
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 1450
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch this month are: 733
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Pendik branch are: 287726
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avanos branch this month are: 1281
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fermande Kose is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 2583
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch this month are: 2732
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch are: 247411
There is no such employee.
Afet Karahan is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hani branch this month are: 1897
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch this month are: 1506
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayindir branch this month are: 1900
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fakri Ari is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
Levzi Ucar is leaving from branch: Gungoren.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Fatine Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 2889
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch are: 258089
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 1456
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Esennur Gul is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Maltepe branch this month are: 1177
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch are: 252815
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kaniye Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Gaziemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch are: 260588
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenyurt branch this month are: 1999
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 2834
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 1900
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Dalan Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch this month are: 2612
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch are: 247478
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yeditepe branch are: 235558
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch this month are: 2200
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 2367
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch this month are: 1667
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feray Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenyurt branch this month are: 2381
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch are: 254044
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karacabey branch this month are: 2793
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilfeza Alp is leaving from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch are: 280078
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 2053
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 2126
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Islahiye branch is Gokben Ay.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 2991
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch this month are: 3596
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch this month are: 1890
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch this month are: 2972
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch are: 272537
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 3295
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Meserret Temel is dismissed from branch: Hazro.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch this month are: 2517
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karacabey branch are: 283694
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch this month are: 3607
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch are: 263298
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 249628
There is no such employee.
Gedik Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Cankaya.
There is no such employee.
Ecir Toprak is leaving from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 316
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch this month are: 827
There is no such employee.
Hamaset Akbas is dismissed from branch: Tuzla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Laylank Cengiz is leaving from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yayladere branch this month are: 245
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 282951
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 864
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch this month are: 871
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eğilmez Cicek is leaving from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch are: 282463
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başağa Tekin is leaving from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgat Yasar is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch are: 272496
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch are: 261881
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haldun Gurbuz is leaving from branch: Gulsehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hediye Gunes is leaving from branch: Konak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch are: 254750
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Caneda Ceylan is leaving from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch are: 255546
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edahses Oz is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faruk Erkan is leaving from branch: Solhan.
Hidayet Sahin is promoted from Cook to Manager.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsiyaka branch is Erdem Ipek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasibe Kaya is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
Total bonuses for the Kecioren branch are: 257460
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahru Karahan is leaving from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch are: 267063
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cankaya branch are: 283422
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baran Sarac is leaving from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 1120
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch are: 275134
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch are: 270093
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jasmin Aksu is leaving from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Darin Acar is leaving from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eren Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hayat Kara is leaving from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abak Senol is leaving from branch: Kecioren.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hani branch this month are: 1089
There is no such employee.
Layike Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Menemen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fehim Oz is leaving from branch: Esenyurt.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hafsa Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahsure Ozen is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch are: 271975
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch this month are: 1902
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Alara Koc is leaving from branch: Kartal.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch are: 255586
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fuad Aslan is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feyza Aydogan is leaving from branch: Arguvan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylim Elmas is leaving from branch: Baskil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch are: 264843
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch are: 255661
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhunde Korkmaz is leaving from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 2375
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Azmi Sahiner is leaving from branch: Merkez.
Geray Demir is dismissed from branch: Karacabey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kucukcekmece branch this month are: 1723
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Felit Aksoy is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Selcuk branch this month are: 2716
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ezra Gunes is leaving from branch: Islahiye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gaffur Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Layza Temel is dismissed from branch: Avanos.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Uskudar branch are: 247953
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecesoy Gunes is leaving from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Füreyya Ipek is leaving from branch: Avanos.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch are: 256165
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fırat Celik is leaving from branch: Cankaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habide Aslan is leaving from branch: Esenler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abadan Cetin is leaving from branch: Adalar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jade Yasar is leaving from branch: Hani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsiyaka branch is Erdem Ipek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch are: 251421
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch this month are: 3213
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch are: 273298
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eren Aygun is leaving from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch are: 256500
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belgi Erturk is dismissed from branch: Avcilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilsafa Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erim Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aliaga branch this month are: 2706
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayra Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 3645
Total bonuses for the Karaburun branch are: 268509
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deryanur Cicek is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch this month are: 3645
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch are: 273361
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faris Aygun is leaving from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch are: 266044
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feyza Elmas is leaving from branch: Umraniye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdülalim Mengi is leaving from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Selcuk branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch are: 274042
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 133
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Gihev Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch are: 269968
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gezer Aktas is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 32
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch are: 264024
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch are: 256766
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Lavin Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Altindag branch is Burç Yavuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenyurt branch is Filizer Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sariyer branch is Filiz Cengiz.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Konak branch is Fermani Gunes.
Total bonuses for the Kecioren branch this month are: 282
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Diclehatun Toprak is dismissed from branch: Kinik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Dal Kose.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aliaga branch this month are: 388
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsiyaka branch this month are: 459
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 120
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch this month are: 403
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch are: 266957
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 259
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch this month are: 382
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch this month are: 463
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 303
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch are: 267660
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mayra Demir is leaving from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
Erksin Aydin is leaving from branch: Avcilar.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch this month are: 303
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Aliaga branch is Diba Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 1153
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch are: 266686
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Dirlik Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lale Cetin is dismissed from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenler branch is Macide Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch this month are: 660
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Aba Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch this month are: 403
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch are: 272704
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch this month are: 208
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 508
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hani branch is Levin Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 508
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Dal Kose.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch this month are: 313
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Pendik branch is Garibe Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 1152
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Daim Celik.
There is no such employee.
Açelya Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 814
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch this month are: 572
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanbey Kose is leaving from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch this month are: 785
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gazel Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch are: 264355
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Abdulkadir Temel.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 241234
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch this month are: 895
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch are: 270977
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 1640
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Fatih branch are: 287372
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Pendik branch is Garibe Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahfer Akpinar is leaving from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch this month are: 1146
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gudul branch is Ilbas Ceylan.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 985
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 1955
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Davud Aslan is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 355
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Tuzla branch this month are: 1512
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gemlik branch is Hizir Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayindir branch is Berke Genc.
Total bonuses for the Islahiye branch this month are: 990
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karacabey branch is Izgutay Aktas.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch this month are: 829
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch are: 264607
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch this month are: 745
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Füreyya Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Girin Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Cermik.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch this month are: 861
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Solhan branch is Hidayet Sahin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Cermik branch is Katre Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karacabey branch this month are: 1028
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kale branch this month are: 829
Doğannur Saglam is leaving from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch this month are: 1464
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 1775
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch this month are: 1419
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karaburun branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 1506
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Ferid Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilham Kaya is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch are: 257587
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yeditepe branch is Irsat Erdogan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gulsehir branch is Gazal Sari.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch are: 273156
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 1896
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sahinbey branch is Hakim Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 2092
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hekimhan branch this month are: 1326
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Mayra Demir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch are: 271841
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kale branch is Ceydasu Sarac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadik Yigit is leaving from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Damra Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Hüdaverdi Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karacabey branch this month are: 1337
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Fatih branch is Leylan Toker.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hazro branch this month are: 1890
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kinik branch is Mahrur Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch this month are: 2137
Manager of the Odemis branch is Abakan/Abakay Ozen.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 1536
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 1536
Manager of the Kucukcekmece branch is Jilda Ozturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kartal branch are: 282558
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 1919
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 2795
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch are: 266148
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 254922
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sancaktepe branch this month are: 2550
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gulsehir branch is Gazal Sari.
Total bonuses for the Kagithane branch this month are: 1523
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Madelet Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Camlidere branch is Habibullah Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenyurt branch is Filizer Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cezlan Aslan is leaving from branch: Islahiye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Fatine Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Agin branch this month are: 2553
There is no such employee.
Kevser Ucar is dismissed from branch: Aliaga.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 2591
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 2292
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch are: 279034
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yeditepe branch this month are: 1833
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hekimhan branch is Hamit Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 3064
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Pendik branch is Garibe Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 2066
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Madelet Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Camlidere branch this month are: 3048
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch this month are: 2591
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Göçmen Cicek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kinik branch is Mahrur Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Firuze Cetin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 3013
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avanos branch are: 257110
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch are: 258639
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch this month are: 2814
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Alara Cicek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Aliaga branch is Diba Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 289240
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Füreyya Mengi.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Aba Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch this month are: 2688
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bakirkoy branch this month are: 1947
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 2645
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Durul Saglam is leaving from branch: Hazro.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Jilda Aydin.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karabaglar branch are: 281207
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Eyup branch are: 275309
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adakli branch this month are: 3125
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch this month are: 3441
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch this month are: 2622
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch are: 277870
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Dalan Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Fatine Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 2278
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenyurt branch this month are: 3254
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aliaga branch this month are: 3112
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yeditepe branch this month are: 2089
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Silivri branch is Leyal Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Avcilar branch is Gizer Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kafiye Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Menemen branch this month are: 3317
Total bonuses for the Yeditepe branch this month are: 2089
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beylikduzu branch is Itri Gunay.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch this month are: 3047
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Funda Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Karakocan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Basaksehir branch is Fırat Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karakocan branch is Baha Aydemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adakli branch is Gece Yigit.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fakirullah Erkan is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gemlik branch are: 271084
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Guzelbahce branch is Abakay Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 259563
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karaburun branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abak Korkmaz is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kardelen Yildiran is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Abakan/Abakay Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 259950
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Aliaga branch is Diba Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakim Erkan is leaving from branch: Zeytinburnu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edgü Dagdelen is leaving from branch: Cankaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bozdemir Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jergar Kocaman is leaving from branch: Kagithane.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch are: 275429
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenyurt branch are: 281210
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch are: 281029
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbay Mengi is dismissed from branch: Islahiye.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Altindag branch are: 244595
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dal Alp is leaving from branch: Sariyer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Gihev Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eyşan Alkan is leaving from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karanfil Ozen is leaving from branch: Karaburun.
There is no such employee.
Erdem Karahan is dismissed from branch: Odemis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayindir branch is Berke Genc.
Total bonuses for the Aliaga branch are: 283909
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Firuze Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Basaksehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ejder Ozdemir is leaving from branch: Basaksehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gudul branch is Ilbas Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasret Tuncer is leaving from branch: Cermik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avcilar branch are: 251672
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Dirlik Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hazal Avci is leaving from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Hanife Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hani branch is Levin Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Lavin Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 320
Belen Ari is leaving from branch: Basaksehir.
Total bonuses for the Harmancik branch are: 274053
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daim Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Bayindir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Göçmen Cicek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch are: 272224
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Dal Kose.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch this month are: 236
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch are: 270814
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Jilda Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 259395
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kevser Erkan is leaving from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Ferid Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch are: 262909
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch are: 273418
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menderes branch is Mahmude Alp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch are: 265356
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Konak branch is Fermani Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatmanur Tekin is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yeditepe branch is Irsat Erdogan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Merze Erturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daristan Gul is leaving from branch: Adalar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yeditepe branch is Irsat Erdogan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karaburun branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Fatih branch is Leylan Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 540
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Guzelbahce branch are: 279418
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Hüdaverdi Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Aba Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yeditepe branch is Irsat Erdogan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenyurt branch is Filizer Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Jilda Aydin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fatoş Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karacabey branch are: 295546
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kecioren branch is Faide Kara.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Dal Kose.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Abakan/Abakay Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch are: 282796
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch are: 289754
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Hanife Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Fatih branch is Leylan Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fakri Ucar is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Uskudar branch is Daim Celik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hekimhan branch is Hamit Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Dirlik Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasret Aslan is leaving from branch: Selcuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayansel Ari is leaving from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karacabey branch are: 295709
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Egealp Yigit is leaving from branch: Beydag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karakocan branch are: 278005
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sahinbey branch is Hakim Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch this month are: 2124
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yeditepe branch this month are: 1658
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Firuze Cetin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gedik Polat is leaving from branch: Kucukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Aytekin Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Hekimhan branch is Hamit Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanbeğendi Toker is leaving from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gemlik branch is Hizir Mengi.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 2081
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Merze Erturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Esenyurt branch is Filizer Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayfer Oz is leaving from branch: Merkez.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kucukcekmece branch is Jilda Ozturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dirlik Aydemir is leaving from branch: Bismil.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Basaksehir branch is Fırat Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 2223
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 260909
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Harmancik branch is Evin Arslan.
Manager of the Urla branch is Fatine Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Konak branch is Fermani Gunes.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Kayra Tasdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Dal Kose.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch are: 292060
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Islahiye branch is Gokben Ay.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Dirlik Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Dalan Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsiyaka branch is Erdem Ipek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gulsehir branch is Gazal Sari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayindir branch is Berke Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Adalar branch are: 280757
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erna Yigit is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erk Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erk Taskin is leaving from branch: Fatih.
Total bonuses for the Gudul branch are: 290405
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edahses Ucar is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayindir branch is Berke Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gemlik branch is Hizir Mengi.
Manager of the Kucukcekmece branch is Jilda Ozturk.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 3176
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sariyer branch are: 278834
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beyoglu branch are: 272890
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gencay Erkan is leaving from branch: Pendik.
Total bonuses for the Beydag branch are: 275400
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baglar branch is Feridun Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Doruk Tasdemir is leaving from branch: Buca.
Aydonat Cetin is leaving from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Harmancik branch is Evin Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Konak branch this month are: 2712
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Fatine Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arguvan branch this month are: 2139
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karabaglar branch is Karin Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sariyer branch is Filiz Cengiz.
There is no such employee.
Gazi Akbas is dismissed from branch: Agin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Lavin Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sariyer branch is Filiz Cengiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 3113
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Harmancik branch is Evin Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kale branch is Ceydasu Sarac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Maltepe branch is Felin Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Selcuk branch this month are: 3588
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İffet Yasar is dismissed from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdi Gunay is leaving from branch: Yayladere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jalenur Cetin is dismissed from branch: Eyup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahperi Nas is dismissed from branch: Altindag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gulsehir branch this month are: 3021
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Fatih branch is Leylan Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fahrettin Mert is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Dal Kose.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aliaga branch this month are: 4073
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilal Kocak is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
Manager of the Aliaga branch is Diba Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Abdulkadir Temel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hazro branch is Feleytun Erkan.
Total bonuses for the Aliaga branch this month are: 4073
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Aba Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Aricak branch is Ebyar Dede.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Odemis branch is Abakan/Abakay Ozen.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baskil branch are: 276093
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Abdulkadir Temel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Haymana branch are: 259357
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Abdulkadir Temel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Merze Erturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenyurt branch this month are: 101
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelincik Demirci is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Ekim Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bismil branch are: 273936
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fıda Kaya is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Umraniye branch are: 293352
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Merze Erturk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bakirkoy branch is Afet Buyuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hekimhan branch is Hamit Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 154
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baskil branch is Hüdaverdi Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gazel Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Silivri branch this month are: 773
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Abdulkadir Temel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Baglar branch this month are: 840
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Hani branch are: 289822
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Faize Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 335
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Camlidere branch is Habibullah Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayvaz Sari is leaving from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch this month are: 567
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch are: 267509
Manager of the Zeytinburnu branch is Kayra Tasdemir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eğmen Korkmaz is leaving from branch: Karsiyaka.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayindir branch this month are: 1099
Manager of the Sariyer branch is Filiz Cengiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Beyoglu branch is Damra Cebeci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Mayra Demir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch this month are: 1428
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gaziemir branch is Hafız Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Merze Erturk.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adalar branch is Barut Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kinik branch is Mahrur Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Garabed Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avanos branch this month are: 900
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadife Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Camlidere.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kecioren branch is Faide Kara.
Cilvekar Tuncer is leaving from branch: Solhan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch this month are: 1763
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Dirlik Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Baglar branch is Feridun Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanbey Erturk is leaving from branch: Cankaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch this month are: 1854
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Fatine Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Ferid Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yayladere branch is Lavin Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch this month are: 1989
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aliaga branch are: 293028
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Merkez branch is Alara Cicek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gemlik branch is Hizir Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Basaksehir branch is Fırat Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gencal Gunes is leaving from branch: Baglar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Hekimhan branch is Hamit Duran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Hanife Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adalar branch is Barut Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 1887
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 2186
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gungoren branch are: 294841
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch this month are: 1909
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Firuze Cetin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Evren branch is Insel Yildiran.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Umraniye branch is Ekim Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Tuzla branch is Dal Kose.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch are: 286236
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 3413
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatma Kocak is dismissed from branch: Guzelbahce.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahire Cicek is leaving from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Zeytinburnu branch this month are: 1627
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cannur Sahin is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Basaksehir branch is Fırat Karahan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bengi Kaya is leaving from branch: Adakli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch are: 274022
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karacabey branch is Izgutay Aktas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Solhan branch this month are: 3131
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Menderes branch this month are: 2872
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fatoş Bayrak.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Guzelbahce branch is Abakay Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gazel Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Doganyol branch are: 271070
Manager of the Yeditepe branch is Irsat Erdogan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Haymana branch is Merze Erturk.
Total bonuses for the Basaksehir branch this month are: 2705
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kecioren branch this month are: 2513
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başağa Ceylan is leaving from branch: Sahinbey.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Eyup branch is Abdulkadir Temel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Avanos branch this month are: 2174
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Beylikduzu branch this month are: 2816
There is no such employee.
Berkan Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Beyoglu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 282425
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Hafız Demir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kinik branch this month are: 3195
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 277454
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sahinbey branch are: 278748
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulhamit Buyuk is leaving from branch: Silivri.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsiyaka branch is Erdem Ipek.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Hanife Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kinik branch is Mahrur Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Adalar branch is Barut Durmaz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iras Kaya is dismissed from branch: Gemlik.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demirbilek Alkan is leaving from branch: Kale.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Barbaros Ozen is dismissed from branch: Fatih.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Cermik branch this month are: 3161
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 4076
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bismil branch is Hafız Demir.
Filiz Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gaziemir branch are: 289058
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 4142
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Aricak branch this month are: 3425
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arguvan branch is Hanife Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Menemen branch is Madelet Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Evren branch are: 284706
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Esenler branch this month are: 4142
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sancaktepe branch is Dirlik Nas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
1.5117705
